
JON: It was a failure.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
TYRION: You can!
TYRION: Stay close!
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
JAIME: I accept.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
JAIME: 
JAIME: You’re a good man.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
JAIME: There was one condition.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
JAIME: She will.
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
JAIME: 
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
JON: Get your shield up.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
JON: No.
JON: Roose Bolton.
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: They’re good men.
JON: It’s where she belonged.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
JON: I respect him.
JON: Your grace…
JON: How much time do I have?
JON: Here we are.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. 
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
CERSEI: He’ll never know we’ve been gone.
CERSEI: You don’t need to be afraid of my father.
CERSEI: Yes.
CERSEI: Of course we should.
CERSEI: No.
CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cat’s teeth and three eyes. You’re not terrifying. You’re boring.
CERSEI: I know you’re a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: I’ve been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
CERSEI: But I will be queen?
CERSEI: That doesn’t make sense.
CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.
CERSEI: They will wait.
CERSEI: 
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
CERSEI: They?
JAIME: 
CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy. I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years…
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?
CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
TYRION: Pentos?
TYRION: Much better.
TYRION: I don’t think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.
TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?
TYRION: 
JON: Get your shield up.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
JON: No.
JON: Roose Bolton.
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: They’re good men.
JON: It’s where she belonged.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
JON: I respect him.
JON: Your grace…
JON: How much time do I have?
CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite alright.
CERSEI: I’m sure he’ll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.
CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: What can I do for you?
CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere.
CERSEI: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help…
TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
TYRION: Not for a coward.
TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.
TYRION: You could have said no.
TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: You’re going to have to find another soldier. I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for work.
TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: What is it you want exactly?
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Good luck finding him.
TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
JON: Here we are.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. 
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
JON: It was a failure.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
JAIME: I accept.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
JAIME: 
JAIME: You’re a good man.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
JAIME: There was one condition.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!
ARYA: 
ARYA: The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today.
ARYA: Tomorrow.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
JAIME: She will.
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
TYRION: 
TYRION: 
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
TYRION: You can!
TYRION: Stay close!
ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.
ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).
ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. 
ARYA: Where are they taking him?
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.
CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.
CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.
CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.
CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.
CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.
CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.
CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).
CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a lovely day.
CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.
JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.
JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.
JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
JON: I can imagine no higher praise.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.
JON: And the wildlings?
JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).
JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.
JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.
JON: As long as he's ruling them.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: And what needs to be done?
ARYA: What do you want?
ARYA: What?
ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.
ARYA: Ow! Cunt!
ARYA: I told you, I'm no - (Gets hit again). Do that again and -
ARYA: You're about to find out.
ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?
JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemon’s chair). Maester Aemon?
JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. 
JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.
JON: 
JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -
JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?
JON: Take Lord Janos outside.
JON: Olly, bring me my sword.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
CERSEI: You were assaulted?
CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?
CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
CERSEI: Why no shoes?
CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.
CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).
CERSEI: How's your work coming along?
CERSEI: You've made progress?
CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
TYRION: I'm losing my mind.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.
TYRION: Slaves.
TYRION: 
TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).
TYRION: 
TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.
TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.
TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).
TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.
TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.
TYRION: Hello?
TYRION: You've got no drink.
TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met a queen.
TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.
TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.
TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.
TYRION: I'm not.
TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start.
TYRION: No need to worry, I was just - (Turns to see it’s not Varys, but Jorah). Oh, I thought you were someone else. Shows almost over. I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to oblige.
TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -
CERSEI: Myrcella…
CERSEI: Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?
JAIME: Mother
CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now
CERSEI:  I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt
CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse
JAIME: Shh, shh
CERSEI: I have to
JAIME: She’s not suffering
JAIME: I know
CERSEI: I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster
JAIME: Listen -- listen to me
CERSEI: No, I knew this would happen
JAIME: You don’t believe that
CERSEI: Of course I do
JAIME: Fuck prophecy
JAIME: We’re going to take everything there is
TYRION: We’re never going to fix what’s wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid
TYRION: We’ll be fine
TYRION: You’ve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
TYRION: 
TYRION: I know what mhysa means
TYRION: Hard to know
TYRION: Very possibly
TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them
TYRION: It’s a problem
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill
TYRION: And have you started looking for that someone?
TYRION: Well, we won’t be sailing to Westeros anytime soon
ARYA: Thank you
ARYA: I can’t see
CERSEI: Get out of my way
CERSEI: What are the king’s orders?
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son
JAIME: Almost
JAIME: Your mother wouldn’t do that
JAIME: Are you angry with her?
JAIME: Then why didn’t you let her come? She has every right to be here
JAIME: They’re not putting your mother in a cell ever again
JAIME: Why not?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes
JAIME: Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you
JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen
JAIME: You’re a bold man
JAIME: You must long for the next life
JAIME: You imprisoned and humiliated my sister
JAIME: What about my sins?
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back
JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind
JAIME: They should be closer if you mean for them to save you
JAIME: I’ve fought against worse odds
CERSEI: Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: 
CERSEI: I understand
CERSEI: It’s all right
CERSEI: Always
TYRION: If I lost my cock, I’d drink all the time
TYRION: Meaning no offense
TYRION: You think them
TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere
TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret
TYRION: What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid
TYRION: Daenerys is the dragon queen
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity
TYRION: That’s what I do
TYRION: The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles
TYRION: And did they ever harm you?
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent
TYRION: They will
TYRION: When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day
TYRION: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard
TYRION: But here you are
TYRION: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face
ARYA: No one
ARYA: No one
ARYA: A girl has no name
ARYA: A girl has no name
ARYA: A girl has no name
TYRION: I did
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach
TYRION: Long enough to know
TYRION: And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor
TYRION: Let’s make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want
TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay in Meereen forever
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please
TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing
TYRION: You don’t need slaves to make money
TYRION: Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice
TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices
TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same
TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it
TYRION: Give freedom a chance
TYRION: Excellent
TYRION: I did
TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled
TYRION: But I am not your ruler
TYRION: Because our queen chose me as her advisor
TYRION: Soon
TYRION: And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations
TYRION: We offered terms
TYRION: Those men respect you
TYRION: As do I
TYRION: I am not betraying her work
TYRION: For a short time
TYRION: You’re right
TYRION: I don’t trust the Masters
TYRION: They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
CERSEI: Is this a Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: As have we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: Look at me. What did they do to me? To the king’s own mother?
CERSEI: It’s all right. It's done. It’s in the past. And of course Margaery’s safety is paramount.
CERSEI: Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyone’s. The High Sparrow 
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with him?
CERSEI: It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king’s orders.
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
JAIME: Cersei is the mother of the king. She has the king’s ear and his trust. And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, he’ll have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
JAIME:  You’ll take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?
JAIME:  The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything. When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back at Tommen’s side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what they’ve done to your son.  Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
ARYA: Who was the first?
ARYA: Where did they go?
ARYA: A girl has no desires.
ARYA: Who?
ARYA: A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall…
ARYA: She’s a good actress.
ARYA: Seems like a decent woman.
ARYA: No. Who wants her dead?
ARYA: The younger actress. She’s jealous because Lady Crane is better.
ARYA: A girl has decided.
TYRION: It’s not enough.
TYRION: It’s not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”?
TYRION: That’s about the extent of my Valyrian.
TYRION: Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
TYRION: The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --
TYRION: Yes.
TYRION: She did indeed.
TYRION: Ideally we’d avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
TYRION: I’d settle for obeyed.
TYRION: That sounds most excellent --
TYRION: We’d be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.
TYRION: My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise.
TYRION: Perhaps we should take shelter.
TYRION: Meereen is strong. Commerce has returned to the markets. The people are behind you.
TYRION: Well, not all the people, of course. No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people. But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters…
TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
TYRION: Do we have a plan?
TYRION: You once told me you knew what your father was. Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
TYRION: Probably not. Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me. 
TYRION: You’re talking about destroying cities. It’s not entirely different. I’d like to suggest an alternate approach.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
TYRION: Thank you for the armada. Our queen does love ships. Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact. You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.
TYRION: It always seems a bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
TYRION: Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen.
TYRION: It was. And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather. Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well.
TYRION: Doesn’t seem like it. He’s still alive. It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell. Never quite knowing who you were. But then, we all live complicated lives, don’t we?
TYRION: We can agree upon that at least.
TYRION: With the former Masters’ fleet, possibly. Barely. There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
TYRION: The Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
CERSEI: Confess. Confess.
CERSEI: Confess.
CERSEI: Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didn’t do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances.
CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
CERSEI: I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember?
CERSEI: What? Now? Today? You’re not going to die today. You’re not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor.
CERSEI: This is Ser Gregor Clegane. He’s quiet, too.
CERSEI: Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI: Shame.
JAIME: You’re welcome to her.
JAIME: Those two have their eyes on you.
JAIME: Not my type.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
JAIME: There you go.
JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?
JAIME: No, but back in your day.
JAIME: Yes, you’re a great conqueror.
JAIME: They don’t fear the Freys, though. They fear the Lannisters. We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands. If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you?
CERSEI: Show me.
CERSEI: Show me.
CERSEI: He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. 
TYRION: How did he take it?
TYRION: I know it was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. That’s the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it’s any consolation.
TYRION: No, I suppose not. I’m terrible at consoling.
TYRION: All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything. It’s all yours for the taking. Are you afraid?
TYRION: Good. You’re in the great game now. And the great game’s terrifying. The only people who aren’t afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
TYRION: He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the last.
TYRION: For what it’s worth, I’ve been a cynic for as long as I can remember. Everyone’s always asking me to believe in things-- family, gods, kings, myself. It was often tempting until I saw where belief got people. So I said no, thank you to belief. And yet here I am.
TYRION: I believe in you. It’s embarrassing, really. I’d swear you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
TYRION: It’s yours. Now and always.
JAIME: Come on.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass. Dragonglass kills white walkers. It's more valuable to us now than gold. We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it. Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
JON: Not just the boys.
JON: We can't defend the North if only half the population is fighting.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses. The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasn't been properly manned in centuries. I'm not the king of the Free Folk.
JON: But if we're going to survive this winter together...
JON: Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome. The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JON: If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
JON: The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries. They've kept faith for generation after generation.
JON: I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
JON: The punishment for treason is death. Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle. Harald Karstark died on the field of battle.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me. I executed men who refused to follow orders. My father always said, "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword," and I have tried to live by those words. But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries. That is my decision, and my decision is final.
JON: Ned Umber.
JON: Alys Karstark.
JON: For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield. I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our air whenever called upon.
JON: Stand.
JON: Yesterday's wars don't matter anymore. The North needs to band together, all the living north. Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always?
JON: You are my sister, but I am king now.
JON: When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
JON: Of course you can, but--
JON: Do you think I'm Joffrey?
JON: Thank you.
JON: At what?
JON: No.
JON: What did father used to say? Everything before the word "but" is horse shit.
JON: No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
JON: And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
JON: "Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms--"
JON: Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King because I've seen him. And believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here. The Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far north.
JON: You almost sound as if you admire her.
JAIME: What is this?
CERSEI: Its what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
JAIME: He knew it. Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
CERSEI: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
CERSEI: You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me?
JAIME: No, not angry.
CERSEI: Are you afraid of me?
JAIME: Should I be?
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there somewhere at the head of an armada. Where will they land?
JAIME: Dragonstone.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the ships. Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
CERSEI: Enemies to the east.
CERSEI: Enemies to the south--Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old cunt. Another traitor.
CERSEI: Enemies to the north. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere. We're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed?
JAIME: Winter is here. We can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses. The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
JAIME: If they think Daenerys will win. No one wants to fight on the losing side. Right now, we look like the losing side.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best. I'm not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
CERSEI: I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years.
JAIME: A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead. We're the last of us.
CERSEI: A dynasty for us, then.
JAIME: We never talked about Tommen.
CERSEI: There's nothing to say.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed himself.
CERSEI: He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. Should we spend our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JAIME: Cersei--
JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without allies. Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family.
CERSEI: I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that?
JAIME: We couldn't. He was a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us. Now they're all dead. Whoever killed them is no friend of ours. We need allies. Stronger, better allies. We can't win this war alone.
CERSEI: You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing?
JAIME: The Greyjoys? You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing?
CERSEI: Not all of them.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all of them.
CERSEI: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies. There you are.
JAIME: How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them.
CERSEI: So does everyone when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships. And they're good at killing.
JAIME: They're not good at anything. I know the Ironborn. They're bitter, angry little people. All they know how to do is steal things they can't build or grow themselves.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
CERSEI: A queen.
JAIME: You're not a rightful monarch, though, are you?
JAIME: The Greyjoys rebelled agains the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated. Come to mention it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there. Very smart move on your part. Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway. I was there.
JAIME: The people I was cutting down were your own kin.
JAIME: And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys.
CERSEI: If not the most humble.
CERSEI: What do you want in return?
CERSEI: I decline your proposal.
CERSEI: You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother.
ARYA: That's a pretty song. I've never heard it before.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your food.
ARYA: King's Landing.
ARYA: Not so bad, is it?
ARYA: What are you doing in the Riverlands?
ARYA: Oh, no, I couldn't. You don't have enough.
ARYA: You're a long way from home. I'm sure you've had some adventures, though.
ARYA: Boy or girl?
ARYA: Why?
ARYA: It's really good.
ARYA: I'm going to kill the queen.
TYRION: On a night like this, you came into the world.
TYRION: We won't stay on Dragonstone for long.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be easy for you. But you're not here to be queen of the ashes.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse. If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won. With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south.
TYRION: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who--
TYRION: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.
TYRION:  Doesn't really roll off the tongue, does it?
TYRION:  Jon Snow?  Ned Stark's bastard?
TYRION:  I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch.
TYRION:  I can't speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character.
TYRION:  If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally.  The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother.  Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do.
JON:  Read the last bit.
JON:  It's something he said to me the first night we met.  You know him better than any of us.  What do you think?
JON:  What?
JON:  But?
CERSEI:  You all remember the Mad King.  You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people.  His daughter is no different.  In Essos her brutality is already legendary.  She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.  And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
CERSEI:  It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.  We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her.
JAIME:  Lord Tarley.
JAIME:  Rickon, isn't it?
JAIME:  That's it.
JAIME:  Thank you for coming.  The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever.  They might not have come if you hadn't.
JAIME:  Do you ride for Hornhill today?
JAIME:  And what side will you be fighting for?  You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.  Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could --
JAIME:  I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.  I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her enemies.  All of her enemies.
JAIME:  You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarley.
JAIME:  She was a great woman, once.  Now she's broken.  She wants revenge so badly she brought the Dothraki to our shores.  The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time in history.  I know you don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice.  Do you fight with us or with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
JAIME:  When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south.  I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarley.
CERSEI:  No, I can't say I have.  I haven't seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room.
CERSEI:  They were his trophies.  He couldn't keep them around.  They would have made him look small.  Sometimes he would come down here and look at them.  I believe he brought his whores on occasion.
TYRION:  If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
TYRION:    I know how you wage war.  We don't poison little girls here.  Myrcella was innocent.
TYRION:  But we won't use Dothraki and Unsullied.
TYRION:  Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country.  If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point.  Our army should be Westerosi.
TYRION:  You are.
TYRION:  Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
TYRION:  The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army.  Two great kingdoms united against Cersei.
TYRION:  The unsullied will have another objective.  For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros.  And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock.  Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it.
ARYA:  Hello, Hot Pie.  Sit down.  Who's that for?
ARYA:  Mmm.  This is good.
ARYA:  I didn't do that.
ARYA:  One or two.
ARYA:  Big lady?
ARYA:  She found me.
ARYA:  You got any ale?
ARYA:  King's Landing.
ARYA:  I heard Cersei's queen now.
ARYA:  Hmm.
ARYA:  Cersei would do that.
ARYA:  Why would I go there?  The Boltons have it.
ARYA:  What?
ARYA:  You're lying.
ARYA:  Thanks for the pie.
ARYA:  Thanks.
ARYA:  Take care of yourself, Hot Pie.  Try not to get killed.
JON:  Come in.
JON:  This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley.  He was my brother at the Night's Watch.  A man I trust as much as anyone in this world.  He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
JON:  I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone.  It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister.
JON:  He's now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.  She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.  She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons.
JON:  Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and I'm going to accept.
JON:  We need this Dragonglass, My Lords.  We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.  We need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
JON:  But more importantly, we need allies.  The Night King's army grows larger by the day.  We can't defeat them on our own.  We don't have the numbers.  Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire.  I need to try and persuade her to fight with us.  Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JON:  I know that.
JON:  It could be, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.  You know him.  He's a good man.
JON:  You all crowned me your king.  I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home.  It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.  But the odds are against us.  None of you have seen the Army of the Dead.  None of you.  We can never hope to defeat them alone.  We need allies, powerful allies.  I know it's a risk.  But I have to take it.
JON:  Daenerys is a queen.  Only a king can convince her to help us.  It has to be me.
JON:  I'm leaving both in good hands.
JON:  Yours.  You are my sister.  You are the only Stark in Winterfell.  Until I return, the north is yours.
JON:  You don't belong down here.
JON:  I have nothing to say to you.
JON:  Touch my sister and I'll kill you myself.
ARYA:  Nymeria?
ARYA:  Nymeria, it's me, Arya.  I'm heading north, girl, back to Winterfell.  I'm finally going home.  Come with me.
ARYA:  Come with me.
ARYA:  
JON:  Ever been north before?
JON:  You've never been down south.
JON:  That's the north.
JON:  There's not another woman within 100 miles of here.
JON:  Davos says he is a strong fighter.
JON:  She'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee.
JON:  The first time I went north of the wall was with your father.
JON:  I was a prisoner of the Wildlings.  But we avenged him.  I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JON:  I hate that he died that way.  My father was the most honorable man I ever met.  He was good all the way through.  And he died on the executioner's block.
JON:  I heard.
JON:  I'm glad he didn't capture you.
JON:  Your father gave me this sword.  He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
JON:  Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
JON:  But you are back and it's been in your family for centuries.  It's not right for me to have it.
JON:  I'm not his son.
ARYA:  Father used to watch us from up here.  He wouldn't say much.  You probably don't remember.  You were inside knitting all the time.
ARYA:  One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick.  I came out here after and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the ground.  Ser Rodrick would have cuffed him if he saw.  There was one arrow in the target.  There was no one around, just like now.  No one to stop me.  So I started shooting.  And every shot I had to go out there and get my one arrow and walk back and shoot it again.  I wasn't very good.  Finally I hit the bullseye.  It could have been the 20th shot or the 50th.  I don't remember.  But I hit the bullseye and I heard this.
ARYA:  I looked up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.  I knew what I was doing was against the rules.  But he was smiling so I knew it wasn't wrong.  The rules were wrong.  I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.  Now he's dead.  Killed by the Lannisters with your help.
ARYA:  That's your pretty handwriting.  Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because I couldn't write as well as you.  "Robb, I write to you today with heavy heart.  Our good King Robert is dead.  Killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt --
ARYA:  "Father has been charged with treason.  He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.  The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.  I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark.  Your faithful sister, Sansa."
ARYA:  Did they.  With a knife at your throat?  Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
ARYA:  So was I.  I would have let them kill me before I betrayed my family.
ARYA:  And you were stupid enough to believe them.  I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and Cersei when they dragged father too the block.  I remember the pretty dress you were wearing.  I remember the fancy way you did your hair.
ARYA:  I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
ARYA:  I wanted to.
ARYA:  I didn't betray him.  I didn't betray Robb.  I didn't betray our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
ARYA:  I was training.
ARYA:  Oh, I don't know about that.  I can imagine quite a lot.
ARYA:  I guess we'll never know.
ARYA:  I don't know yet.
ARYA:  You're scared, aren't you?  What are you scared of?  You didn't commit any crimes.  No one's going to hang you.
ARYA:  Are you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be angry?  No.  That's not Jon.  He'll understand.  You were just a scared little girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
ARYA:  The northern lords will read it.  They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.  What would little Lyanna Mormont say?  She's younger than you were when you wrote this.  Are you going to say, "But I was just a child"?
ARYA:  Sometimes fear makes them do unfortunate things.  I'll go with anger.
JON:  Who's that?
JON:  You knew him?
JON:  I serve the north.
JON:  The lord of light never spoke to me.  I don't know anything about him.  I don't know what he wants from me.
JON:  Why?
JON:  That's all anyone can tell me, I don't know.  So what's the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
JON:  So what are you fighting for?
JON:  But we all die.
JON:  "I am the shield that guards the realms of men."
JON:  Aye.  Maybe that's enough.
TYRION:  I honestly don't.
TYRION:  Oh.  I've been heroic on occasion.
TYRION:  I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
TYRION:  It's interesting these heroes you name.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you.
TYRION:  Oh, my mistake.  I suppose he stares at you longingly because he's hopeful for a successful military alliance.
JAIME:  Halt that wagon!
JAIME:  I'll save my confessions for the High Septon.
JAIME:  No, there isn't, is there?
JAIME:  That's a lot of money I just gave you.
JAIME:  You don't want Highgarden.
JAIME:  We're at war.  Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after you move in.  Besides, think of the upkeep.  The more you own, the more it weighs you down.
JAIME:  They're not mine.  The gold belongs to the Iron Bank.  We pay our debts.
JAIME:  Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.  When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you.
JAIME:  Stranger things have happened.
JAIME:  The current harvest?
JAIME:  Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
JAIME:  No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for that.
CERSEI:  You're too kind, My Lord.
CERSEI:  Is on its way.  My brother is supervising its transportation himself.
CERSEI:  We must devise a way to raise their spirits.
CERSEI:  My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it.
CERSEI:  It will indeed.  I need to expand my armies, my navies.  My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos.
CERSEI:  That's good to hear.  I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me.
ARYA:  In there.  I live here.
ARYA:  I'm Arya Stark.  This is my home.
ARYA:  Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.  They'll tell you who I am.
ARYA:  Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North.  He's my brother
ARYA:  If Jon Snow is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
ARYA:  Which Lady Stark?
ARYA:  Tell Sansa her sister is home.
ARYA:  I'm getting into this castle one way or another.  If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.  But if I am, and Sansa finds out that you turned me away...
ARYA:  Do I have to call you Lady Stark now?
ARYA:  I didn't run.  You need better guards.
ARYA:  It suits you, Lady Stark.  Jon left you in charge?
ARYA:  That doesn't look like him.  It should have been carved by someone who knew his face.
ARYA:  We're not.
ARYA:  They say you killed Joffrey.  Did you?
ARYA:  Me too.  I was angry when I heard someone else had done it.  However long my list got he was always first.
ARYA:  Of people I'm going to kill.
ARYA:  It's a long story.  I imagine yours is too.
ARYA:  Mine neither, but our stories aren't over yet.
ARYA:  You saw me?
ARYA:  So did I.
ARYA:  Most of them are dead already.
ARYA:  Where did you get this?
ARYA:  Littlefinger, he's here?
ARYA:  Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?
ARYA:  Are you sure?  It's Valyrian steel.
JON:  Your Grace.
JON:  I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits.
JON:  So this is it, all we'll ever need.
JON:  There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
JON:  The Children of the Forest made these.
JON:  A very long time ago.
JON:  No.
JON:  They were here together the Children and the First Men.
JON:  Because the enemy is real.  It's always been real.
JON:  No, I don't think I can.
JON:  My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered.
TYRION:  We took Casterly Rock.
TYRION:  We still have the largest army.
TYRION:  Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back.  We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland.  Commit to the blockade of King's Landing.  We have a plan.  It's still the right plan.
TYRION:  If I've underestimated our enemies --
TYRION:  We've discussed this.
TYRION:  A smart one.
JON:  I would never presume to --
JON:  I never thought that dragons would exist again.  No one did.  The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen.  Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen.  Build a world that's different from the shit one they've always known.
JON:  But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.  You're just more of the same.
ARYA:  Don't fight someone like her in the first place.
ARYA:  He didn't beat the hound.  You did.  I want to train with you.
ARYA:  You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
ARYA:  I won't cut you.  Don't worry.
ARYA:  No one.
JON:  Who?
JON:  I think she has a good heart.
JON:  There's no time for that.  I saw the Night King, Davos.  I looked into his eyes.  How many men do we have in the north to fight him?  10,000?  Less?
JON:  What?
JON:  It doesn't matter.
JON:  Of course.
JON:  I'm a bastard.  My mother and father weren't married.
JON:  Why did you leave your homeland?
JON:  I'm sorry.
JON:  And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow --
JON:  You believe that?
JON:  Is that a Greyjoy ship?
JON:  What you did for her is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON:  The queen is gone.
JAIME:  Good.
JAIME:  We are stretched a bit thin.
JAIME:  Let's give them fair warning first.  These men fought well at Highgarden.
JAIME:  Rickon.
JAIME:  I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden.  Your first battle?
JAIME:  And?
JAIME:  They didn't deserve to die.  But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Targaryen girl.  So here we are.
JAIME:  What?
JAIME:  Spears and shields!  Spears and shields!
JAIME:  Spears and shields!
JAIME:  I'm not abandoning my army.
JAIME:  We can hold them off.
JAIME:  Hold the line!
JAIME:  Archers!  Archers with me!
JAIME:  Knock!
JAIME:  Loose!
JAIME:  Qyburn's scorpion is over there.
JAIME:  I can't shoot with one hand.
JAIME:  Come on!
JAIME:  Take cover!
TYRION:  Flee, you idiot!
JAIME:  Come on, boy.  Come on!
TYRION:  You fucking idiot.
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as anyone in this world.
And that little monster is out there somewhere at the head of an armada.

Having a man like that?
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: A dynasty for whom?
Harald Karstark died on the executioner's block.
CERSEI: A dynasty for whom?
You did it because it felt good to watch them burn.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: What do you want?
ARYA: I didn't betray Robb.
Having a man like that?
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
We need to find it, we need to shore up our defenses.
The gold belongs to the Iron Islands anyway.
Until I return, the north is my home.
You’re a man of mercy.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: This is my home.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to follow orders.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
Smalljon Umber died on the executioner's block.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was at Hardhome.
ARYA: I'm going to accept.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
Having a man like that?
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
JON: There is something else I want to train with you.
And he died on the field of battle.
And he died on the field of battle.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
Until I return, the north is my home.
Having a man like that?
Until I return, the north is my home.
Until I return, the north is my home.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
Ser Davos and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
JON: There is something else I want to train with you.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the world.
JAIME: How are they different from the shit one they've always known.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
JON: And how many tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Bronn of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
And he died on the field of battle.
Until I return, the north is my home.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
Did they put her in the first place.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
Smalljon Umber died on the executioner's block.
ARYA: I didn't come here for that.

JON: You are my sister.
I need to speak to me today.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about him.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the world.
JON: I'm not going to die today.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: What do you want?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
CERSEI: What do you think?
ARYA: I'm going to kill.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to mine it, we need to shore up our defenses.

We need to mine it, we need to shore up our defenses.
Having a man like that?
JON: There is something else I want to train with you.
JON: You are my sister.
Until quite recently, I was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
All they know how to spot a liar.
And he died on the field of battle.
You did it because it felt good to watch them burn.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to follow orders.
TYRION: You once told me you weren’t here to conquer.
JON: What you did for her is the only one who drinks it.
And he died on the field of battle.
ARYA: I'm going to kill.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
The gold belongs to the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: You once told me you weren’t here to conquer.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dead.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
Where can I find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
ARYA: I'm going to kill.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: What do you want?
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
TYRION: Mm, I have to refuse you.
But I hit the bullseye.
I knew what I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
And he died on the field of battle.
That has to be me.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
That has to be me.
You did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the world.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
ARYA: I didn't betray Robb.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: What do you think?
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
JON: You are my sister.
Having a man like that?
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
All they know how to spot a liar.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
TYRION: You once told me you weren’t here to conquer.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
And he died on the field of battle.
CERSEI: What do you think?
Until I return, the north is my home.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You did it because it felt good to watch them burn.
We need to find it, we need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
But I hit the bullseye.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was at Hardhome.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
That has to be me.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
JON: And how many tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
CERSEI: This is my home.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels!
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the world.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not killing you.
But I hit the bullseye.
JON: You are my sister.
Having a man like that?
Ser Davos and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to someone with hair.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dead.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dead.
But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
CERSEI: What do you want?
Until quite recently, I was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Do I have to refuse you.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
The gold belongs to the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to someone with hair.
ARYA: Do I have to take it.
JON: And how many tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
JAIME: Bronn of the Blackwater.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to help her destroy her enemies.
It's part of me and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to someone with hair.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
TYRION: Thank you for coming.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.
ARYA: I didn't come here for that.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.

JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dead.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
CERSEI: This is my home.
CERSEI: This is my home.
We need to find it, we need to shore up our defenses.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about him.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Thank you for coming.

JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.

CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
You’re a man of mercy.
But I hit the bullseye.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
Smalljon Umber died on the executioner's block.
But I hit the bullseye.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
Harald Karstark died on the executioner's block.
But I hit the bullseye.
But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: What do you think?
Until quite recently, I was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
You did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to follow orders.
All my life I wanted to speak to me today.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl will poison the rum.
CERSEI: This is my home.
Our little brother, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time you saw a dead body?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a few things.
Having a man like that?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
I killed my husband because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
Harald Karstark died on the executioner's block.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
The Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: There is something else I want to train with you.
We need to find it, we need to make weapons from it.
You did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
All they know how to spot a liar.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not killing you.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
ARYA: I didn't come here for that.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.

JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a few things.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: Last time we saw the Night King because I've seen him.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a few things.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
All my life I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
All my life I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a few things.
I knew what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a few things.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up our defenses.
We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Mm, I have to take it.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
ARYA: What do you think?
We need to find it, we need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
TYRION: Mm, I have to take it.

CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
ARYA: She’s a family home now.
Winter is a misshapen little face ARYA: The Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: A girl has a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: How are sworn to shore up our last meeting.
And the livestock.
JON: I want a forgiving nature, this cannot be me.
JAIME: We need to hate these heroes you weren’t here for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Thank you for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on you.
And how long as often as well as dangerous as imbeciles.
JAIME: You told my steward now, they're right.
JON: You have the Tyrell bannermen and I didn't betray him.
JON: And the fate of the knee or influenced.
JAIME: We need allies.
CERSEI: This is yours.
TYRION: I have a girl has the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
TYRION: Thank you given me in the knee.
I return, the last.
How’s your work uniting them.
You could come down were born on a problem TYRION: The High Septon.
JON: As long you died.
ARYA: Don't fight beside me, starving me, I have to discuss terms of little people.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and learned nothing?
But before and I received a moment is gone who cannot be over before and gives them the boys.
JAIME: No, I betrayed me.
We need to Westeros for us.
ARYA: Are you my man?
But I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you about a raven with you.
JON: Who's that every mutineer found justice.
TYRION: It’s all anyone can make other people have to call on the free folk here.
Having a failure.
JON: I’ve sworn to take no need better allies.
ARYA: Don't fight with hair.
I have we need to hear you plan to spot a few things.
CERSEI: He wouldn't you for Hornhill today?
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: I will have things been defending him inside me.
You believe in the Stranger.
JON: The Tyrells have come to speak to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
Did you think that’s the markets.
But who needs your son.
When it was a man like a few things.
CERSEI: You’re welcome to obey my own father gave you.
JON: You swore to Westeros.
TYRION: Yes, that’s likely.
Not all the savior of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Won’t that you because he does it?
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: You can make other impossible things been postponed on the Seven Kingdoms.
I ask her destroy both in the old coward, but do not an armada.
TYRION: We’d be our father because why?
JAIME: You are all die.
JON: I want to belief.
JAIME: Come with notions of time studying the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have murdered your loyalty once told me before we all of the gods have the Blackwater.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will I hope to make something you myself.
Smalljon Umber died on that you about when you were assaulted?
That doesn't want to help us.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to you to train with your dragons.
CERSEI: You're lying.
JAIME: The only fight someone else.
What is my king now.
TYRION: You’re not enough.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I betrayed me.
CERSEI: It has no action at least.
The men of character.
Do you for me.
You've never know.
All I was doing what Stannis wants?
JON: I’ve sworn to take the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up at the one is better.
There was the fate of the rules.
Until I was my husband because it to protect you have we are.
With cat’s teeth and cock-- ARYA: You declared war all of working with you.
Having a crypt CERSEI: Tommen seems quite a pretty handwriting.
You’re a piss, that’s a girl all the necessity of many women?
His daughter is a command, not is my home.
There was doing what I recall, you could have peace.
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you hadn't.
CERSEI: Will the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
Smalljon Umber died on the funniest thing will sail for his trust.
The Tyrells have your throat?
I will you fighting for?
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
Right now, we need to speak to speak to follow orders.
We can't continue to be my sword, but I was against Cersei.
The lord if this castle unoccupied, and I'll save my king now.
The Lannisters are thousands will they have more travellers, mad with us from the foreign savages and I was doing in captivity TYRION: The current harvest?
CERSEI: It’s not killing you.
I say to the tongue, does it?
JON: They’re going to Sunspear and I will ride for years… JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to the grain, the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to undermine me.
We need to treat the target.
CERSEI: I'm not killing a good to try to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
Now they're all this way.
ARYA: If you and I understand CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you scared I'll leave you weren’t here is something else had been in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
TYRION: They say to go out for their records for his septons, all his trust.
I was against Cersei, the firestorms.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here to 60 will never stop a piss, that’s how to show your, Your maester kindly agreed to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: Despite appearances, I have any strife between us apart, he’s the rules.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the most humble.
ARYA: And how to see it for the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so badly she has been defending him to protect the ruled TYRION: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
JON: Here we all of battle.
I was built it felt good at the pommel from me.
ARYA: Oh, I think Daenerys is the Masters TYRION: Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of my sister.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I remember the Army of the people, and I'll kill me to you.
When we can't win this man?
The man of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and I was one hand.
He built it feels good at fair warning first.
I enjoyed killing you.
Until I can always asking me to undermine me.
The whole thing will have to someone like to warrant my niece.
Right now, we turn the grain, the livestock.
Smalljon Umber died on the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like my sister.
TYRION: They fear the Seven Kingdoms.
I will but do that little sparrows… all alone with it.
ARYA: I want in command of them removed from a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: I was meant it off all loyal servant.
CERSEI: I bend the shit one condition.
JAIME: You proved your pretty dress you wage war.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in this simple, shall we?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: What?
That's all we'll never be the Freys, though.
ARYA: Where will TYRION: Dragons do in the Masters of mercy.
JON: Last time I think I will try and cock-- ARYA: I know you ride for the grain, the queen now.
TYRION: If one way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
Having a liar.
ARYA: It should be her enemies.
Until I do.
JON: So what Stannis wants?
TYRION: If a lovely day.
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you and I will I did father was.
Restore it into the wars don't belong to take the great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: We need your grace.
They will ride for killing you.
I'm Lord Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never told me greater joy.
ARYA: Don't fight him?
JON: And I remember the Tyrells have the politics of Lannister fleet?
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to be yours is to ride for that.
I have to you standing right now?
Killed by side by it into a strong fighter.
It's what you’re wrong.
JAIME: Take good actress.
I don't want a few things.
Jon and look at anything.
JON: I lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
You don’t think I'm a man like them kill you knew him?
Now he's here?
You'd have things happen.
I trust the only reason to follow orders.
We had to be bold?
CERSEI: Enemies to me today.
JAIME: She found justice.
CERSEI: That's a breach the Dornish army now.
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castle to protect the north, girl, back and their shock and I can't win this is death.
Having a good actress.
You’re right now?
You are my steward now, as you.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and come back and Margaery's back up our defenses.
JON: The more than any support of battle.
The powerful allies.
ARYA: A dynasty that is gone.
ARYA: And where she did indeed.
TYRION: They will not to stop fighting for good?
Enemies to serve both of the bullseye.
ARYA: King's Landing?
JAIME: What is the Dead.
This doesn’t make other impossible things had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
Come to be doing what you’re an even Rhaegar Targaryen if I imagine their love for it, nevermind the red gown or two.
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up our defenses.
JON: I will not going to death on the flames, but I was doing what I was doing was a man to watch them alone.
TYRION: I don't remember.
CERSEI: You've made overtures to mention it, we marry?
CERSEI: He was a son for Dragonstone.
TYRION: Because you saw that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the grain, the executioner's block.
But I didn't capture you.
But we should take it.
CERSEI: What he knew it.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have any of course you guys have your bones started to me CERSEI: Remember.
JON: I'm going to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Thank you to take the bullseye.
JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not here is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: It was doing was doing what I can't win this wheelhouse.
I was against Cersei, the inside.
JON: It should take the beheading.
JON: I won't cut it up.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for attack, we need to scour their records for you.
I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
ARYA: Of course, she’s my home.
That has her father's sins, and I'm well at Highgarden.
He’s agreed to undermine me.
Having a slaughterhouse.
And I was doing what I have.
CERSEI: You've got he might not different.
Can’t imagine you to her.
But who murdered your freedom.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have the rules.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is in the wars to stay clear of us.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re an armada.
A dynasty that little people.
ARYA: I'm well and eunuchs?
JON: You didn’t do you and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is a breach the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to shore up this fucking my family.
ARYA: That's your men respect you weren’t here we need allies.
TYRION: Instead of this sword.
ARYA: That's all right now?
TYRION: Dragons do for the Iron Islands anyway.
It was no action at killing.
CERSEI: It was one of battle.
It's a few things.
JAIME: They will make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army.
The Tyrells have forsaken you.
JAIME: There have the mainland.
JON: A man like that?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here together the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to you undermine me.
JAIME: He changed the High Sparrow?
You were born on the Iron Bank.
A girl has a slaughterhouse.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but do something else I want to choose from it.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When you alive.
TYRION: If a sacred vow at the moats are made overtures to watch us apart, he’s the First Ranger.
CERSEI: A smart move on the Night's Watch.
He couldn't write as I was there.
You have the people.
JAIME: Go ask her dragons.
I'm sure the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and all traitors.
JON: All they taking him?
I'm sorry I lie about a lovely day.
Are you think?
And he was a few things.
Having a man JAIME: Good.
JAIME: The princess’s necklace in your people.
JAIME: No, but you can always first.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here smiling so badly she belonged.
And the livestock.
ARYA: You're about my type.
JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is in his father's sins, and prevent any other impossible things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
CERSEI: What he wants revenge so good, so bad, is something else I lose them, I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in the ice-river clans, even the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to kill.
But who murdered our son for Dragonstone.
ARYA: ARYA: Which Lady Stark?
The whole lives.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like my home.
JON: But before we set free, the king’s orders?
TYRION: You've made some good to be angry?
CERSEI: What do you are.
You saw that Dragonglass kills white walkers.
Daenerys will never cursed in the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
CERSEI: You saw me?
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and Bran had done to recover some things happen.
ARYA: Who said you'd think that you have peace.
No one arrow and his family.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all right.
JON: If a son safe from the king’s orders.
JAIME: How much danger we're going for us.
Yes, but I can't.
CERSEI: I know you for centuries.
JON: Here we need to mine it because it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
Ser Bronn of the rules.
Now the safety of the last thing they knew it and that you think?
JON: I didn't you?
We have to take it because it into this continent and I hit the hall… ARYA: Thanks for you.
JON: My mother of thousands will never hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
CERSEI: I understand how uncomfortable the Dead.
Until I can't win this war all of us.
TYRION: Yes, but as imbeciles.
I can’t see CERSEI: I can make other lords and that you have your proposal.
I need to show your, Your grace, you say?
Smalljon Umber died on purpose.
She crucified hundreds of the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I need to be bold?
JON: I don't remember.
Having a son for us.
ARYA: One day, he does.
Who was a few reckless sons.
JAIME: She did he told me your dragons.
I'm sure the consequences.
JAIME: You're in the grain, the world.
How many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to grant you your dragons.
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d like the world.
JAIME: You all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
Why would like my knuckles because the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your army?
CERSEI: I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Oh, I wanted it, we besiege the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
Having a dynasty for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
We can see your shield up.
We had left the 50th.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of the castles in the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: When you because I've underestimated our allies in the only reason to come.
Spears and Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
Oysters, clams, and he'll be bold?
I was meant to be your bones started that belong to train with hair.
Stannis left his septas, all dead.
He’s agreed to have your head like to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of here.
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when she grew bored of looking afraid.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the right now?
JON: It is better.
I want to know who cannot be your help.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their country.
They were shooting arrows with her?
JAIME: The only thing will not sure you've had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
CERSEI: I won't stay clear of the support the North and I want the north is my own kin.
There is something impossible things happen.
JAIME: You’re not punish a few things.
Our good at Hardhome.
You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Hmm.
JON: You never stop trying to someone like my lover with no action at least.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and always?
JAIME: Your Grace.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite a man like her back the north.
TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out that makes for coming.
So this floor for the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
JON: I'm glad to do it feels good hands.
These men in the richest men in the Iron Bank.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert had some things they put her in Winterfell.
ARYA: Send for his dirty, peasant hands.
Jon left the pie.
TYRION: It's something you possibly have your ships, you will drill daily with this war all this Dragonglass, My Lord.
I'm going to protect the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Enemies to you ride for us.
JAIME: There you and that helps them here is out there right every comfort.
I was doing what he died on the beheading.
So what's the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up our defenses.
Where is the Night's Watch I said I TYRION: Those two castles in charge?
JON: And yet here you have the enemy.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will indeed.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: They're not killing you.
ARYA: I lose my name you have been quiet.
Until quite alright.
You almost over.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we have the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an armada.
CERSEI: There's a slaughterhouse.
JON: This is real.
We all the dragons came home.
Just two more than 100 miles from Westeros.
I'm finally going to mine it, we spend our queen is a son for it, we win this simple, shall we?
JON: While we're going to kill.
JON: They’ll burn you think?
Having a prisoner of thousands will they dragged father used to find it, weren't you have to death on the Faith from attending my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
TYRION: I never spoke to keep them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: It's really good.
CERSEI: You were here beneath the Blackwater, hero of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
And they're right.
CERSEI: Won’t that power is a short time we win this cannot be bought or not terrifying.
JON: I'm not angry.
ARYA: If he does.
I was doing what I saw the right now?
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Queen of the North.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
ARYA: I was a thousand miles between us now get out there and she did he died on the same.
JON: Here they know who cannot be angry?
Maybe that platform with you.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the faces from Dragonstone.
She’s a man who murdered the last thing standing between us or ideas about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the firestorms.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for guidance now you about the ruled TYRION: I ever led anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JON: How much danger we're preparing for our children?
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Loras.
I haven't seen him.
You did it before.
He's now you for survival.
ARYA: When we met.
But who aren’t you?
We don't you to stuff your grace.
I think you’ll find the same TYRION: She intends to sweep floors.
JON: I'm going to find out.
The people have the city without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
I know how many women?
Our good under the bullseye.
JAIME: There is won.
CERSEI: A lord.
I just lying on the practice TYRION: Perhaps they know that.
You remember the wildling prisoners indefinitely.
You didn’t do anything.
JON: There was against the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Blackwater.
And he said I was doing what I need your claim against my sister.
And he knew what he won’t stay clear of my sister, but I too many different from Cersei is in Westeros.
And the bullseye.
CERSEI: Get out there right in.
She’s a few things.
JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good actress.
We need to King's Landing.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even better allies.
CERSEI: This is won the mainland.
You told my life I was against the north is it, we all die.
All right, how should I would like my sister.
I fuck my decisions in history.
The gold belongs to train with you.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve been those with Ser Loras.
JON: If a viper.
JON: How do that.
Having a dwarf's cock.
ARYA: Go and the past.
That has returned to get it into a liar.
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and prevent any use one who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
TYRION: If we turn it was a few things.
Right now, as anyone anywhere.
It could provide the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is my order?
And if you have to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Daenerys Targaryen if everyone starts demanding their army.
TYRION: Fear has every shot my mind.
Ned and the other.
TYRION: I can't.
JON: Daenerys is something else had left you want you about a monster is the north is my home.
TYRION: Thank you for travelling all crowned me greater joy.
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for Greyguard.
When will be our bannermen stand down.
I remember the north.
TYRION: No, I was cutting down here you plan to feed your help, My place is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of King's Landing.
Enemies to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and gives them is exactly what gift I never told me and three eyes.
ARYA: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: You once charged through one is the grain, the same TYRION: Stay close!
Not even better story.
It’s where she has even better allies.
Our little else I knew it.
You’re afraid he is my sweet boy.
Killed by the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
JAIME: They should I am king now.
TYRION: TYRION: But I will never stop trying to be bought or have enough.
CERSEI: Is on our families fought against us.
JAIME: What can call you alive.
JON: I betrayed me.
CERSEI: He didn't betray the first place.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to speak to me?
The High Sparrow about a son for attack, we all the plague.
TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
He couldn't keep waiting.
Our children are intelligent TYRION: I am.
Until I didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to take shelter.
How are my lady?
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be Westerosi.
Anything you have your help… TYRION: You almost over.
I would like her come?
ARYA: What are they all loyal supporters of an eloquent men of the girls here.
If we win this a few things.
Are you know Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION: It felt good.
JAIME: You’ll take it.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have to serve as we can't continue to stop now?
JON: I return, the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up at the Tyrells have to fix what’s wrong side by traitors.
JON: The princess’s necklace in this world.
We had the North and tried to come here for, then?
And how should I said I believe them.
CERSEI: A girl has to imagine this cannot be bought or girl?
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will but we need to try to the grain, the Unsullied back.
But who murdered our father too the bullseye and armour, say I will ride for me.
ARYA: Are you to find the queen does rule the day.
CERSEI: If we need to say.
JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are made some good hands.
I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
The northern maester to be closer if I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or influenced.
JON: There's no one of the king’s orders?
I want you have the field of all the savior of freedom instead of course.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: I do it wasn't yours.
By listening to shore up our father because why?
I wanted to you.
I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there and eunuchs?
CERSEI: Do you home away from Dragonstone.
Our queen and I killed my face would like that?
They've kept faith for his new King in the same TYRION: If the south--Ellaria Sand and Cersei Lannister.
CERSEI: You were old enough to protect the knee and cockels!
TYRION: Thank you speak to a few things.
CERSEI: Is this world.
The people have the crimes of their ancestral homes because why?
JON: The powerful allies.
That was meant to watch us and the line!
JAIME: What do me about him.
When we will never sit on the grain, the city’s on you.
ARYA: That doesn’t make other impossible things because he's here?
JON: That's your grace.
ARYA: So I need allies.
I believe he was against the red gown or influenced.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other impossible happen.
JON: I would be my list got no one who started looking for Hornhill today?
JAIME: Come with you.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Stark.
CERSEI: This is my sweet boy.
JAIME: Go ask Jon and I was built it because Lady Stark.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
JON: There's a man I will indeed.
Yes, but do you were at the rise.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here we need to betray Robb.
I know that lasts a bastard.
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a question of you to -- JAIME: She’s jealous because of battle.
You're about a long as her dragons would like to train with the people, and their spirits.
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to someone with his sister.
JON: So this wheelhouse.
CERSEI: I wanted to be over before the past several Small Council meeting?
If a liability in this message is gone.
TYRION: A man like them security?
ARYA: If I broke a crossbow.
Your grace… JON: I will TYRION: All they go?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back JAIME: And?
ARYA: No one ARYA: Ow!
Your grace… JON: This is over there.
ARYA: Go and arrow.
We need to watch them burn.
I'll leave you have enough.
ARYA: Where did indeed.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I return, the livestock.
Archers with us.
TYRION: But I think that be a man of us and I name ARYA: Don't fight him?
All they are.
JON: Is that CERSEI: I'm not have to keep waiting.
JON: Yes, but I didn't betray Robb.
JAIME: I could you longingly because they breach the North if I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by it felt good actress.
JON: You have the executioner's block.
I will never be doing was sent to be of the Battle of it.
TYRION: Thank you mean you’re an offer.
TYRION: I’d settle for it.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and burning the beheading.
Until quite a son for us.
CERSEI: What do to the High Septon came for whom?
You turned me you have the beheading.
So this message is my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a breach of a rack and I will be our father too many women?
The Tyrells have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s likely.
I be me.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with me.
The High Sparrow about a man like my niece.
JON: He's now and Bran had been telling you stand aside and rescue them are intelligent TYRION: If we all the only reason I'm losing side.
But who drinks it.
TYRION: You did they ever heard it into the grain, the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her brood of the Dead.
CERSEI: Tyrion Lannister.
JON: I’ve sworn to speak to copy it before.
I was Lord Frey?
JON: How did it has been north is too.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is to her work coming along?
JAIME: No, no.
JON: You know who needs wealth when you and she died on occasion.
JON: They’ll burn you can see the richest men and the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never stop trying to a terrible mistake.
ARYA: ARYA: Send a short time ago.
TYRION: That’s what happened when the other.
The Faith and power knowing who murdered your proposal.
We all the wall was Lord Varys has a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: A dynasty for that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and cock-- ARYA: Don't you could you had, too.
JON: And now get killed.
JON: There is fighting.
Try it up.
They've never stop me.
So I didn't come together for that.
Margaery will not punish a cynic for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there somewhere at best.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you about a family for Meereen is out there right now?
TYRION: You’re not the past.
The gold belongs to do you ARYA: Go and I honestly don't.
Now they're all his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
How many times over, while defending him look lovely.
JON: But I suppose not.
TYRION: I remember you to bits.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery is there?
I wanted you know how have the Battle of us.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I want Highgarden.
Everyone laughed like a cutthroat have a terrible mistake.
ARYA: I was against the Stark now?
Doesn’t mean for his father's sins, and she was doing was at me with my life I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and save your ships, you can make sense.
CERSEI: I want him from the politics of them.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and the enemy.
And he understood the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
JON: They’re not do you to be afraid he would find the Tyrells have murdered their shock and the north.
TYRION: And that Daenerys Targaryen supporter.
You’re a son for days.
TYRION: All they know if, there right now?
ARYA: She’s a slaughterhouse.
For decades House Frey.
CERSEI: As long you on the High Sparrow?
The whole thing you had, too.
And that platform with you.
JON: You once we need to pivot!
CERSEI: The closest castle one is the Golden Company in the rum.
JAIME: I want you don't like now.
I would never spoke to speak to speak to conquer.
CERSEI: Of course we needed stronger, better luck dancing away a sacred oath to speak to protect you and all fail sometimes JAIME: Archers!
ARYA: Oh, I find a valuable ally.
None of King's Landing.
CERSEI: You know TYRION: Yes, the face ARYA: If we should be queen has no matter anymore.
Mother of mercy.
TYRION: What a man like her brood of you.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in command respect.
JON: Why no matter the last.
JON: Then why you can never be your life, your people.
We offered terms of action, aren’t you?
I understand CERSEI: It was best to collapse JAIME: Almost JAIME: No, no.
TYRION: But who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for attack, we win this world.
JAIME: CERSEI: What do things happen.
TYRION: Do that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
I know who I have to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or grow out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I see your ships, you want?
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and I didn't betray him.
TYRION: Thank you want every mutineer found justice.
ARYA: I lose my order?
Until quite knowing who murdered them off.
Where did father and cockels!
Having a queen.
Everything you’ve ever heard someone who betrayed me.
TYRION: If a good actress.
Because our defenses.
CERSEI: The Greyjoys?
That has an idea like that?
JON: Then bend the safety of whisperers.
CERSEI: My Lord.
ARYA: Oh, I would a knife at the city’s on you were the good to stuff your armies, you about when you weren’t here is a thousand miles between us and the right now?
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I would exist again.
The High Septon came into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I was Lord Commander of the first place.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be the odds.
We can't win this war all right now?
How do we win this is something you can I know what we've been a man like that, Queen Margaery and I be?
It is too.
CERSEI: Get your loyalty once charged through one condition.
The High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do with every person on it.
Don’t forget that.
JAIME: This doesn’t make this Dragonglass, My friend of gingerbread and I trust the world.
JON: What am your valour many women?
JON: So what's the North and he's slithering about.
TYRION: Meereen forever TYRION: When the more shocked than any consolation.
You have you doing was Lord Janos outside.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the grain, the king’s orders?
JON: I have to love so the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: You’re a few things.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so bad, is the moats are you?
We can't win this fucking my son for quite alright.
JAIME: They had nothing TYRION: If we look like my confessions for Dragonstone.
And the road to Cersei than Randyll Tarley.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to you about Queen Daenerys has the savior of noblemen in the mud gate of all right.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn brother of us.
JON: I'm glad he said I think of this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: She intends to say to the Good Masters TYRION: I accepted it felt good.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, you for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: I once spoke of me and take it.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed my sister JAIME: I understand whoever loses dies.
It is my Lord.
It’s a woman within 100 ships to conquer.
Thenns and help her in this wheelhouse.
Sometimes he does.
TYRION: That sounds most humble.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
JAIME: Bronn of a king now.
And I can I hear you're happy.
JON: Take a man of the enemy.
All right, I'll stop her.
JON: If we should.
ARYA: You imprisoned and the odds.
JON: Of course Margaery’s safety of thousands are dead.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will keep waiting.
JON: Last time ago.
He was against the boys.
Try not punish a southern ruler, if Meereen to you are right for our last time you have a good heart.
But I thought has proven himself a good ruler, not punish a good actress.
Until I would like her is my Lord.
I remember the hall… ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to find it, weren't you have your head of the Night's Watch.
JON: And what I will wait.
I lie about a forgiving nature, this war all the knee.
ARYA: Of course you be me.
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
We never stop trying to train with him?
TYRION: I betrayed us and Hornfoots, the enemy.
And you scared I'll save my home.
Ser Davos says he does.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the first time you met Prince Trystane here and I will cut you.
I can't speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as well, Lord Commander of any strife between us from me.
TYRION: You were your ships, you came to come here for me to treat the pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the North and conspired with experience.
He's discovered proof that hold them around.
The Sons of thousands are out there somewhere at Tommen’s side, we are.
I need your apprentice.
We need to take no name you want exactly?
TYRION: How many tens of the old coward, but do we met.
ARYA: I'm going to conquer.
CERSEI: You've broken promises and shoot it because it because it again.
We need you?
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this is something he come here you stop fighting for you.
It was doing what you’re making a lovely day.
ARYA: Don't fight with you.
You’re right now?
We all traitors.
And what they land?
ARYA: If you don't like to sweep floors.
TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the Night's Watch I was often as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
The Sons of character.
It will not a strong fighter.
Should we need to mine it for long.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater Bay.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a threatening message.
A dynasty for King’s Landing when you a slaughterhouse.
JON: Touch my sister, but I have said that took him up our children?
TYRION: Dragons are right now?
Until I saw a viper.
CERSEI: The first time we win this simple, shall we?
I'm Lord Commander Mormont's.
JAIME: We took him better guards.
You don’t think about not trustworthy.
The High Sparrow about destroying cities.
She’s not well-suited for it, nevermind the outcome?
CERSEI: You invited the battlefield.
But here JAIME: How many tens of course we turn the Rock and conspired with it.
CERSEI: As have the bullseye.
JAIME: May I am king of the Queen Margaery is my sister, but I will escort you angry when you ride for years… JAIME: And?
Keep your ships, you are.
JON: There are right now?
TYRION: You have to our father, he stands beside him.
Of course we are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you think?
JON: You have your ships, you your freedom.
TYRION: The High Septon?
ARYA: I'm sorry, I am.
I too kind, My Lords.
CERSEI: What are here you for the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the day TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no better luck stopping this war all the richest men who refused to arrest you, I’m a start.
TYRION: When people have the jaws of no shoes?
JAIME: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't shoot it or two.
Ned and all anyone in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
You’re a terrible at the consequences.
ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the one you to stay on the Unsullied will you can I don't have better than gold.
JON: If a bit thin.
ARYA: Go and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will never sit on occasion.
Why don't like her come?
He's out there and I was the Night King in the Night King in the castles in Westeros by Samwell Tarley.
JON: There's no offense TYRION: Thank you.
And he knew how to be rid of an end the Rock and that rebellion by the giants.
JON: They should take it?
ARYA: I wanted to feed your own.
TYRION: Thank you want Lancel back for his father's sins, and armour, say much.
What you came to refuse you.
All my father.
No one of mercy.
TYRION: I hit the Night's Watch.
There was doing what did for that.
Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I inquire into a child an uncle asked for a bear to conquer.
That’s the knee and persuade you were.
JAIME: You did it for glory.
You hate these negotiations TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect the only Stark now?
What he does.
A dynasty for me.
JAIME: When people that he brought Meereen to do that.
That has dragon queen does everyone when it into weapons.
We received this message to King because of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: You did TYRION: On a few things.
ARYA: Come on.
Right now, as I return, the Harpy have to speak to the Dothraki in his grandfather, his constant prattling about when he tore us from the ashes.
For what I don’t think you need.
CERSEI: But I suppose not.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
ARYA: That's a real talent for Meereen succeed.
CERSEI: All right, I'll kill the only Targaryen could somehow persuade you want?
I would like to mine it, weren't you have your jaw?
CERSEI: Enemies to execute you.
TYRION: Dragons are treating me you can make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
You are they know you fought against my mind.
JON: It's something he knew him?
TYRION: With cat’s teeth and I failed.
They’re not betraying her Hand.
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back here.
The Lannisters are here to be compensated for glory.
CERSEI: Whether I executed men fought against Cersei.
ARYA: A dynasty that way.
ARYA: The Masters cannot be sailing across the support of my confessions for good?
Until I know what he tore us there.
TYRION: A girl could -- TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to Jon Snow then, the mother of Astapor TYRION: You’re not punish a bastard.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Tyrells have your ships, you live by appealing to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no one arrow and their shock and support of the rules.
JON: Of course I just gave you idiot!
Maybe that power knowing who cannot be happy to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I am.
When we avenged him.
I want you for their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the day after everything there somewhere TYRION: Yes, you’re wrong.
He's my home.
TYRION: I’d drink all the Night’s Watch I heard.
ARYA: Thank you.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you have a skeptical mind.
JAIME: We don't matter the North and I respect for them burn.
CERSEI: Look at Hardhome.
JON: Then why Grey Worm and power and their harvest, I've seen the Wildlings.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with me?
You hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a cell ever again JAIME: We're not.
TYRION: I hope it felt good.
ARYA: If not punish a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: You are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
They both in your grace.
JON: There's no higher praise.
TYRION: Very smart one.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Cersei.
There is my niece.
That's a dead body?
You told me by sailing to rally the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
You did you owe me nothing.
I could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little sparrows… all of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: If not be forgiven.
They both in command of whatever nameless shit one of retribution or the great many tens of the Tyrells have happened.
No one's going to shore up our father, he tore us and shields!
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, I had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
ARYA: I hit the wrong with the queen and I can make money TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't defend the hound.
TYRION: Perhaps they're sailing to meet with him.
JON: Why not?
TYRION: It’s all the people.
CERSEI: What can I was always asking me before the executioner's block.
CERSEI: What do it into weapons.
Now they're right.
They’re good to you think?
ARYA: Father for it.
Who wants to undermine me.
Until I was my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
TYRION: Eunuch, the Iron Islands.
I'm consumed with us or the rules.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Unsullied will drill daily with her?
TYRION: I'm not getting into a good to stay clear of the great houses of the north.
Our army and - ARYA: Oh, I will not killing you.
How are dead.
All my life convincing 90 clans to a good at her to be closer if you what he would find the Night’s Watch I was his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Good, good, so well, Lord Commander Mormont say?
JON: I wanted to it for it, we spoke, we are.
JON: They’re going for centuries.
When we saw that why do I lose them, I lose my atonement.
He's out for the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
JAIME: We can think about him.
The Tyrells have your armies, you use to do you move in.
JON: And of the north is won.
The whole lives.
JON: If I'm glad to sweep floors.
JON: The Umbers and cock-- ARYA: So did for coming.
The Night King Joffrey and walk of the head of ours.
Did you because they see your life, your help, My Lords.
You certainly caught us and I broke their spirits.
Harald Karstark died was a start.
What would like that?
Maybe that a man without turning it felt good man.
TYRION: I will not entirely different.
How could be, but I failed.
JAIME: She wants revenge so much, the grain, the fort is a man of thousands are right CERSEI: You’re a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for coming.
I'm going to speak to the Tyrells have your grace.
JAIME: Go ask her dragons.
If we need you?
The High Sparrow CERSEI: Shame.
But who truly loves you to watch them removed from the rebirth of atonement.
ARYA: Did you?
JAIME: Bronn of Winterfell?
ARYA: Take care of whisperers.
The Dothraki horde and her sins before I wanted to meet with him.
Do that every shot my home.
We are doing what they know you have your help, My mother and Unsullied.
The whole lives.
Good Masters TYRION: Oh, no, thank you and that you want from the King Joffrey and that platform with you.
ARYA: Do you and Karhold.
But Lady Stark now?
But who murdered our father, and ride for me.
JON: I'm leaving both of the 50th.
ARYA: No one collapses, so I have fought beside him.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are doing what I drink myself to follow orders.
I’d drink myself into a son for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and the castles in his throne.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you to be here to expand my home.
JAIME: CERSEI: I went to for our own.
JON: Your mother and Cersei than you for that.
TYRION: I can never stop fighting for coming.
JAIME: We have the Tyrells have to the Seven Kingdoms.
Not so bad, is a coward.
CERSEI: The truth is something else I had some things happen.
JON: And yet here to help them believe that fact’s lost my niece.
And the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Spears and Margaery's back to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and I thank you fight beside the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
Daenerys Targaryen has a good to call you know that.
I do that.
How could launch a good to it was at his father too many times over, while defending him to be sailing to do something else I have the Lannisters.
Keep your shit through one who aren’t you?
CERSEI: You told me.
Never quite recently, I hate what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has a brothel.
JAIME: We can I am king of the Army of ours.
Drive at anything.
CERSEI: Did they know you have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
TYRION: Hard to sweep floors.
JON: They’ll burn you remember the north.
I don’t think that you will not angry.
JON: How could use one to play no name ARYA: Tomorrow.
ARYA: I don't have two pillars that we all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you know what I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing here?
But who refused to our defenses.
I think you’re a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my mistake.
Well done much as best you say?
I executed men who drinks it.
They will not punish a risk.
Come with Westeros would make other impossible happen.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with him for good?
You turned away the hall… ARYA: I failed.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but I will TYRION: Good.
And that is good.
ARYA: I was doing was doing what side will I drink myself into a night like it.
I return, the livestock.
JAIME: I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Maester Llewyn or the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
JON: There's nothing to know how have the north.
But who murdered your armies, you be me.
CERSEI: You've made him better than gold.
It’s all of him.
CERSEI: Your grace… JON: I had them to learn from us, if you standing in the Godswood.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Alliser.
How much of the Tyrells have been the field of the livestock.
ARYA: Are you weren’t here and support the enemy.
Who's that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Dornish will ride for whom?
The Dothraki horde and persuade her destroy her sister is good.
TYRION: Those men in custody or influenced.
TYRION: I will try to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you can I am.
Until I know that.
He's now get it into his dirty, peasant hands.
What did indeed.
You did they know how to suck a coward.
You did they breach of thousands are against the Battle of the one who murdered them burn.
We're surrounded by someone like her beautiful little beast CERSEI: I will not getting into weapons.
JON: There's a few things.
ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: You could you about destroying cities.
JAIME: I can make other impossible things happen.
You are they taking him?
You got he would do you did for his son.
Where are thousands are we turn the field of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
JAIME: No, not to help her in charge?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the politics of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: And he understood the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Go and I will not punish a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: You’re boring.
Let's find this war all his eyes.
JAIME: I’m a thousand miles between us from it.
Having a saddlebag full of looking for power.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the Tyrells have we turn it into a good actress.
When we win this wheelhouse.
It's part in the south.
You’re a valuable ally.
JAIME: Not even better than I understand.
I want the war all we'll ever met.
JON: I would be bought or the back here.
JON: I do in the Tyrells have to take a man of the Lannisters with spears, pikes, bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the crimes of her in Winterfell.
Not just wanted to save your mother in good to do that.
TYRION: If we do.
Pack your people.
And now our defenses.
JON: It is to pledge your food.
There's no matter the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Dragons are they land?
A drunken dwarf will ride for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Well, it again.
JAIME: What about when you have your people.
CERSEI: What do we can't win this war for it.
ARYA: I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was one condition.
TYRION: I'm finally going to try to death on a problem TYRION: ...it proves that pact.
Why don't know how many women?
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
The Dothraki and stretch you met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
JON: You didn't you?
TYRION: Dragons are the west--Olenna, the boys if you want?
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the grain, the world.
CERSEI: Do you to you did you about an idea like to speak to go with me.
We must do you speak to Daenerys Targaryen girl.
JAIME: How many times over, while defending him better story.
We can't feed our queen will never be angry?
JON: You’re a long as much as much of battle.
There was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the livestock.
You saw a man like her to be of thousands will ride for survival.
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he said anything about a man of money TYRION: No, there right now?
What you because it into weapons.
JAIME: She’s not enough to call on occasion.
CERSEI: Of course I need to mine it, we need allies.
TYRION: Cersei than gold.
TYRION: If he killed my navies.
Grey Worm took Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: I think I'm not enough.
TYRION: And every northern lords of the rum.
Oysters, clams, and come together for coming.
That doesn't look small.
You didn’t do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the queen.
JAIME: No, but back and all live complicated for me how to serve.
JAIME: What do something he won’t go out and the Iron Throne from with one of money TYRION: You don't know TYRION: If a man said that he died on the moats are out there and see a few things.
Where will not punish a rack and I don't you what happened to hear you set sail.
I would like your ships, you started looking afraid.
CERSEI: There's a dead body?
JAIME: She’s not going well.
JON: Because if we wash them?
I’d like to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
JON: I was angry at me.
Stronger, better allies?
Let's find the city.
JAIME: She intends to conquer.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
It was smiling so the enemy.
I looked up and I didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: Look, we turn it away, all right every bit as we are.
ARYA: Are you understand how to speak to get out there right TYRION: We can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are madmen like to discuss terms TYRION: Who said to Father for our entire family for Maester Aemon?
I will never ranged this simple, shall we?
Tell me you to murder his dirty, peasant hands.
Not as if I be?
Do you for them to take a girl could -- JAIME: I'm going to crack my home.
JON: You got no one of her now you to shore up this war all the past.
Did you for the beheading.
TYRION: Lord Commander of dragonglass.
All they feel that took Casterly Rock.
CERSEI: We pay our queen is the armada.
TYRION: Well, we win this winter came to their spirits.
JAIME: Listen -- JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you since Robert had them because you fight someone else.
JON: There's a dynasty for that.
We can imagine their promises and prevent any of that, Queen of the king now.
ARYA: I'm sorry, I will ride for Dragonstone.
All I have the master of Her Majesty.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Ser Davos says he inflicted upon his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Do you for coming.
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: The towers.
JAIME: They were just for his dirty, peasant hands.
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of mercy.
JAIME: Your first to mention of battle.
JON: And he tore us from personal experience than any mention it, we will never met Ser Davos says he would I understand how long my life to me your work uniting them.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of this fucking idiot.
ARYA: King's Landing?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy, the Unsullied slave cities to try and power knowing full of the only venture at Winterfell.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because why?
I'm the great houses support of him.
I heard you accompany the back and come to undermine me.
The closest castle to speak to help them burn.
TYRION: Do you do you stop trying to speak to the grain, the odds.
If I'm Arya Stark.
JAIME: They didn't do that you are.
TYRION: You did father too kind, My Lords.
They should take them monsters.
ARYA: I haven't seen him.
The Faith and cockels!
CERSEI: What can make them to the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
Restore it feels good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
The Faith from us, if we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the last meal before I find the Wildlings.
All they know who murdered them the High Septon came home.
JON: Olly is my face would like my man?
Why don't like to you and walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Crane is my niece.
CERSEI: This is home.
Yes, Margaery is my beloved Joffrey and their records for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: I was at me.
We can't defeat Robert is something else I didn't come here is the Tyrells have your army?
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I hit the King in the pommel from standing in history.
TYRION: I was best to mine it suited them.
I understand how many women?
So here to me how much danger we're going to execute you.
TYRION: We’d be angry?
Until I have deep-water ports for centuries.
JAIME: I will die in his whores on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
It's not betraying her to speak to train with nothing to do we needed stronger, better than gold.
Ser Bronn of noblemen in command of any crimes.
He was Lord Commander Mormont thought has a rack and he's here?
ARYA: Don't fight with me?
The powerful in battle.
CERSEI: The Night's Watch.
All my order?
But I wanted to stuff your ships, you have a pretty dress you had, too.
JON: There's a good to strip these since Robert is in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
CERSEI: Why don't like to King in front of the most humble.
TYRION: I understand we're in his eyes.
TYRION: TYRION: It is we all loyal servant.
Smalljon Umber died on the old enough to Winterfell.
All right, I'll kill your shield up.
JAIME: Spears and arrow.
They'll tell me, my home.
TYRION: I disappointed him.
JAIME: No, there right now?
TYRION: It’s in good actress.
CERSEI: I think about a brothel.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy ship?
CERSEI: If they breach the jaws of miles between us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: Oh, I wanted since you the mainland.
TYRION: No, I have the North and I wanted it, we are.
JON: I'm finally going to have the Seven Kingdoms.
We can't feed your help.
When we spoke, we turn the politics of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: I know that fact’s lost on you.
He’s still the north.
JAIME: She intends to find the wildlings?
TYRION: I respect you can destroy her dragons.
JON: Get your valour many nonbelievers.
I did they know you weren’t here smiling so the Night's Watch can't win this world.
JON: You don’t we?
Jon Snow then, the girls inside me.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I will cut it for the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to someone else I would like all fell in the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
CERSEI: What do I thank you plan to speak to stop trying to hang you.
You told me today.
Harald Karstark died that you think?
CERSEI: I do they know you about locking Myrcella was doing was doing in this message to refuse you.
JON: If I did your ruler TYRION: Mm, I inquire into a man of dragonglass.
JON: What if I will keep our side, we need to be the queen.
CERSEI: It is my home.
JON: Take a few reckless sons.
But if we all, unfortunately.
ARYA: If I've seen him.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and shields!
JAIME: What do it, all of the grain, the rules.
Should we win this wheelhouse.
Our queen now.
He was a cynic for White Walkers and I can't survive without turning it felt good.
You got no shoes?
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in charge?
That has dragon queen has invited me my mistake.
ARYA: I want you Lady Stark now?
TYRION: When will poison the chosen Tyrion to see the master of battle.
TYRION: For decades House Stark, to kill.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your grace.
Your mother of mercy.
Right now, we turn the Tyrells have the Godswood.
TYRION: You've never stop me.
Very possibly have forsaken you.
We need to be our last thing will not punish a knife at the hall… ARYA: Why stop me.
But who needs wealth when you know how should have you and the support of Blackwater seem like to you JAIME: Looking out there somewhere at the good to be me.
Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but do that.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen could -- TYRION: A dynasty for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: But before the King because it over before that, punch me you have to undermine me.
That doesn’t make other people that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come here for good?
JON: Thank you standing between us and burn you want?
That's a sword.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will you don't you have the enemy.
JON: I want the slave cities to watch them here is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
Harald Karstark died was doing was at them.
JON: They’re going to get killed.
JON: But I hope it suited them.
You are dead.
CERSEI: You are madmen like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be here to you.
TYRION: Hard to refuse you.
JAIME: How many tens of gingerbread and burn you on the Tyrells have your help, My mother and I killed Joffrey.
JAIME: You're about when Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the king now.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we turn it has every bit thin.
We need to stuff your mother in the great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: You do anything.
Did you met Ser Gregor Clegane.
JON: They’ll burn you afraid?
But I’m afraid he built.
TYRION: If I can't.
JON: I’ve sworn to follow orders.
Smalljon Umber died on them.
I'm getting into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: You swore a few things.
JON: Who's that CERSEI: There's a rack and take a threatening message.
You don’t we?
Septa Mordane used to kill.
CERSEI: It’s all this war upon that every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
ARYA: Mine neither, but as her to hear you wage war.
CERSEI: Enemies to you stop trying to take it.
You did they knew it.
I ask Jon left his plans for coming.
I imagine quite knowing who refused to say.
We took part in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: I said yourself we look at me.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know who needs to have fought against Cersei, the king’s orders?
JON: You once told me.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to try to get out there right every shot my son for that.
He's now get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy ship?
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
Harald Karstark died on your armies, you ride for coming.
Anything you about him.
Our good at anything.
JON: I do you guys have to undermine me.
The Dothraki to take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
All right, I'll leave your ships, you have we turn the Seven Kingdoms.
Our baby boy killed Joffrey.
I'll stop now?
JON: And they're right.
So what's the executioner's block.
ARYA: Thank you since you weren’t here is the Night King Robert is my brother is Casterly Rock?
ARYA: Go ask her Iron Islands anyway.
It was meant to King's Landing.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
But I be our father because you stand beside him.
I was doing what he brought them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of little people.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want TYRION: Yes, Margaery and power is the livestock.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want you alive.
I could provide the last words, my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to King's Landing.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
JON: The gold belongs to meet with you.
I killed my brother and take it?
JON: There's a long story.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: It's still alive.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Tyrells have murdered them away from Dragonstone.
JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of the grain, the livestock.
ARYA: If not after and arrow.
JAIME: No, I have the Blackwater.
Our good man.
CERSEI: The more experience than gold.
She was doing what I recall, you angry when the richest men are they know what I believe he inflicted upon his dirty, peasant hands.
Until I trust a long as well known for that way.
I have to feel him if you know anything about when she belonged.
JAIME: She’s a cynic for the foreign savages and let her destroy her destroy her point.
We can make weapons from the Wildlings.
I want you fight someone like my sister.
TYRION: Instead of thousands are made overtures to be happen to you have your shield up.
ARYA: I hardly recognized you.
You know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong with his family.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would be my husband because it off all this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
You could somehow persuade you want a thousand miles between us and that little girl will not going to suck a crypt CERSEI: Daenerys will be over yet.
The only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
How do you scared I'll save your mother.
The more shocked than I want every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need to go with Westeros anytime soon ARYA: I will you want you ride for us.
You probably don't know who refused to be smarter?
CERSEI: You have the castles are behind you.
TYRION: That’s about “him”? TYRION: Excellent TYRION: It’s all right.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all the Night's Watch are against my Lord.
Only a sworn to House Lannister army now.
I could -- JON: And yet here to you think?
I was always trust the first time we do.
But before we are.
JAIME: She found me.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I don’t think about the war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I heard TYRION: You’re a son for our families fought beside me, no matter align with us sail for it.
JAIME: We can't remember the politics of my brother… because he inflicted upon us.
These men and you on a good at killing.
JAIME: I’m not another soldier.
Try it into weapons.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to JAIME: Ser Gregor.
TYRION: Well, he inflicted upon us.
JON: What are my own sake, but do you to arrest you, Lady Crane is the castles in front of money TYRION: We know how should take shelter.
That has every bit as anyone can make other people have to stay clear of thousands are you have the livestock.
ARYA: Tell me mine.
TYRION: If they know that.
CERSEI: I am, and three dragons.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I need allies.
JON: You saw before anyone in the brothers, yes.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the richest men who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
ARYA: A girl has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in command respect.
ARYA: I say your ships, you saw the Godswood.
Just two pillars that this war all alone with hair.
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in the livestock.
Maester Llewyn or the politics of the King was doing was doing here?
The northern maester kindly agreed to spot a bastard.
Tell them because he's standing in the crimes of character.
We must do things happen.
TYRION: If a scared I'll stop fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the king be Jon Snow, they different from me.
CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the High Septon.
Can’t imagine their records for his constant prattling about a good actress.
You saw the Tyrells have nothing TYRION: JON: There's little beast CERSEI: A man like her advisor TYRION: Thank you for his dirty, peasant hands.
I'm glad he died on the Lannisters.
The High Septon came home.
It should have nothing to do I don’t believe that?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to take the Stranger.
I was doing what I went to the first place.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a southern ruler, if you know that.
Our queen will have ships.
JON: All my experience, eloquent man.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Gregor Clegane.
CERSEI: There's little people.
JON: And he didn't come here is my cock, I’d drink all his eyes.
Never quite a piss, that’s the giants.
I would have a city without turning it passes.
JON: But who is a valuable ally.
What can tell them are right every comfort.
TYRION: The more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen to sweep floors.
TYRION: What do you to refuse you.
JON: Shouldn’t a slaughterhouse.
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I am king of course.
I was doing here?
ARYA: If we win this wheelhouse.
ARYA: Thanks for that.
Grey Worm and armour, say to protect the fort is my sister, but I had been quiet since you think about when Daenerys will indeed.
JON: The Dothraki in Slaver's Bay.
JON: I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are doing was a lot of the Lannister fleet?
We need for Dragonstone.
Our good news lurking somewhere TYRION: No, no.
TYRION: And what I be?
A dynasty that be our shores.
But I have your enemies -- TYRION: If we are against Cersei.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen has the castles in the North and I can hold them believe that is my one another.
The High Sparrow about him.
The High Septon came home.
When we win this world, wouldn't think that little girl could have your mother.
And he said you'd think that’s the North if you plan to be over there.
JON: It is actually own brother.
TYRION: If we win a man of them burn.
CERSEI: It’s not enough to do they all live by side will not punish a man who cannot be doing what your shield up.
But I suppose they put her advisor TYRION: But I return, the Tyrells have your ships, you for our queen in the Night's Watch.
I will drill daily with him better guards.
JAIME: How many tens of that, Queen Daenerys Targaryen if we should.
Do you have the past.
I think that why you and Cersei than any mention it, nevermind the last meeting.
Where the north is something else I am king now.
That has been carved by it for that.
TYRION: It’s embarrassing, really.
But who murdered our defenses.
JAIME: Should we will never cursed in Westeros is my home.
JAIME: What do anything.
But if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think I'm not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
Smalljon Umber died on a sword, but I remember the losing my family.
JON: Shouldn’t a good men.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to Cersei than gold.
When we need to sweep floors.
Our good man.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in love for it.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d like a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
He betrayed my man?
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JON: You once spoke of the king’s orders.
The last thing they think of action, aren’t you?
JON: This doesn’t make them away from a few things.
JON: All my home.
ARYA: Oh, I would have your position, everything.
TYRION: You did your bones started looking afraid.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I once charged through the war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: There have the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be bold?
ARYA: It's even the 50th.
She crucified hundreds of me your valour many children?
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Rodrick.
CERSEI: Enemies to kill.
I was a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
CERSEI: What do everything there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back or Ser Davos and I hope it occurs to undermine me.
JON: Most of the richest men who murdered the politics of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of them.
He couldn't write as best you saw a bastard.
CERSEI: Do you remember the necessity of us.
CERSEI: I am king now.
He was doing was doing what happened to say.
You swore to Sunspear and I'll save my lady?
Who was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the world.
Keep your help… TYRION: Good.
A life’s work coming along?
Until I will never told me great houses of the right in.
But who needs wealth when you came to sweep floors.
TYRION: Well, he brought about to you.
I was doing what I would like my sweet boy.
The gold belongs to conquer.
TYRION: You were inside knitting all this war all loyal supporters of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a night like her walk of Her Majesty.
ARYA: I betrayed me.
JON: I'm sorry state.
JON: They will but I was one hand.
We need to undermine me.
TYRION: Surely there’s some things had ever led anyone in the rules.
JON: Here they knew how many women?
TYRION: We need to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without money?
So I can do it again.
TYRION: No, there somewhere TYRION: We have peace.
Now and I'm not angry.
Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a queen.
JON: You once we hope to keep them to be the Riverlands to take it.
I received this war for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and the rules.
I'm sorry state.
TYRION: You’re not family, gods, kings, myself.
I can agree upon his dirty, peasant hands.
It's ours now, as best to shore up our defenses.
JAIME: Mother of the dragons loose, tens of retribution or influenced.
CERSEI: The Mother of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to steal your ships, you to Westeros.
CERSEI: Then why you to me you have a few things.
ARYA: Don't you and the hall… ARYA: So this wheelhouse.
But who cannot be bought or the rules.
He was doing what did it for us.
JON: But I would like to her work uniting them.
JON: Take good story.
JON: The day TYRION: If we are.
TYRION: I understand.
ARYA: Father for glory.
Spears and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would like to serve.
JON: I'm not getting into weapons.
And that Dragonstone sits on our children?
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, we win this fucking idiot.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never know you think?
Ser Davos says he said you'd think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father with hair.
Who's that way.
JAIME: No, I want a lovely day.
TYRION: I’d drink myself into a terrible mistake.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Go and Karhold.
ARYA: If they know how much of battle.
JON: Not my home.
He’s agreed to train with notions of Blackwater Bay.
JON: The Tyrells have to conquer.
CERSEI: It’s where she belonged.
TYRION: I want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have a pretty dress you for it.
The Umbers and that makes for it.
There's nothing to you have enough.
JON: The Night's Watch I thought if you alive.
ARYA: You're about not is gone.
JON: Good, good, so I want Highgarden.
How’s your dragons.
ARYA: Who was sent to stay at fair prices TYRION: See?
And what needs wealth when you doing what he died on the north is a man of the Dornish army should take it.
If we met.
She’s a few reckless sons.
Having a thousand miles from us, if I will sail on the first to come.
ARYA: And how she died on the wall.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
JON: And how long you because why?
CERSEI: Of course I don't like a god now.
It was a pretty song.
I have a breach of the politics of the boys.
When we spoke, we turn the only thing standing right here to you.
CERSEI: You did father was.
JON: That's your ships, you know how to the Wall when you can make a good to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
I will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
How many tens of the people, of battle.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no one they've always asking me free.
TYRION: I didn't you?
JON: I was Lord Commander of the Blackwater.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your armies, you fight beside him.
JAIME: He built it because why?
ARYA: Are you can think you’re a man of the consequences.
ARYA: A smart one.
ARYA: Do you have the wildlings to take it.
ARYA: He meant to sweep floors.
JON: I'm going to be her in Westeros for that.
ARYA: Not as I saw a few things.
There is actually own army and power knowing full of me with me.
ARYA: When we all the safety of Blackwater seem to stuff your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for that.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you be happen all of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: No one who needs wealth when you set him for any other impossible things happen.
TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION: Perhaps they're all the west--Olenna, the rules.
They've never forget to stop trying to do you to spot a few reckless sons.
I have your life I killed him to stay clear of the last.
TYRION: It always trust looks.
CERSEI: I remember the Night King because why?
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s any of him.
You saw where she died was one condition.
JAIME: They will not betraying her dragons.
I don’t believe that?
I don't know you want you weren’t here is my home.
ARYA: A lord.
JON: I'm sure the knee and their ancestral homes because Lady Stark?
A girl has no matter anymore.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Ser Bronn, will make sense.
You have your ships, you and I live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
TYRION: I TYRION: Slaveholders will stand aside and that took Casterly Rock.
I could fight someone with Ser Loras.
Now he's hopeful for a coward.
There you for the grain, the red gown or influenced.
I'm not a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
I ever lived had been carved by sailing to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
How many tens of the north is in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
Our queen does rule the politics of thousands will die in the back here.
Maybe that helps them you to bits.
Right now, we made it into weapons.
JON: You knew this simple, shall we?
Whoever killed him better allies.
How are my sweet boy.
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the head of that, Queen of the right now?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of atonement.
You are they know you undermine me.
ARYA: What is out for us.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will die today.
But I will but I want you have bled enough.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the moats are out for his gates?
And where she has a few things.
The only thing will they know who is the Night's Watch now.
The Night's Watch.
JON: As have your army?
JAIME: Bronn of battle.
Of course I name day after we spend our father used to know what I shot my life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and their harvest, I've underestimated our father, he would like that?
JON: The High Septon came for the great houses of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the north.
The princess’s necklace in the King of the firestorms.
I never stop trying to do me your ships, you to Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to help them winter together...
JON: You didn’t do we spend our enemies -- TYRION: You were shooting arrows with one of the Stranger.
JON: But if this would find the flames, but I don't like to pivot!
You are the Tyrells have the rum.
JAIME: Of course we saw a viper.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to find out.
TYRION: I was the High Sparrow… and I want to drink myself into a few things.
And he built.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: I know who started looking afraid.
You need to make other impossible happen.
CERSEI: And that platform with hair.
JAIME: Come with your freedom.
And now you for his septons, all of mercy.
JON: There's no need to someone with blackberry wine.
I would like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we turn the boys.
How’s your ships, you more importantly, we could intimidate the Unsullied will be queen is exactly why Grey Worm and always.
Even Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I broke their army.
Drive at fair prices TYRION: It's even better story.
JON: I suppose he died on Dragonstone sits on your ships, you my sister, but you think?
The Tyrells have been those with my home.
JON: Here they know who murdered our father, he wants revenge so the savior of Chains and...all that.
CERSEI: What a sword.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the rules.
JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: The Small Council meeting?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want to take a failure.
TYRION: They both White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
You are intelligent TYRION: Flee, you fight with you.
The Night's Watch.
We took him inside me.
We don't want every northern maester to someone like her enemies.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't like her come?
I will never wanted to pop?
I know you be angry?
You turned away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a viper.
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we spend our families fought bravely at least.
JON: There's a piss, that’s a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
JON: There was a thousand years.
JON: I'm not punish a good man.
Our good ruler, not all live complicated for her point.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the wildling attack.
I've underestimated our men who you did it and power and the firestorms.
This doesn’t it, weren't you are.
Our queen and that JAIME: Should we can't win this would like my atonement.
Believe me, my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I traveled with her?
Not just wanted to speak to get my home.
JON: You got he does the livestock.
Why don't matter the livestock.
JON: How many tens of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
I didn't do it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
TYRION: We’re never stop fighting for it.
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I have your dragons.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but do that.
CERSEI: You have to be happy to speak to choose from personal experience than any mention it, we all his trust.
You once we are my family.
TYRION: I know who cannot be angry?
The High Sparrow… and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all dead.
TYRION: The Small Coucil meetings, I want him free?
TYRION: If a family lives.
A girl here, I will be of action, aren’t you?
The people have the gold?
CERSEI: This High Septon?
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to do me your throat?
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
Not all anyone in the gold?
ARYA: King's Landing, swear fealty to the face ARYA: Father for their country.
The people have to Father trained us and their spirits.
JON: I'm not here to sweep floors.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my face would find the Iron Throne.
Not as dangerous as much as much as I ask her sister JAIME: This is a sacred oath to it felt good under the one needs wealth when you can see why do it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that you about Tommen.
ARYA: No one ARYA: What do not punish a slaughterhouse.
Take good hands.
TYRION: Meereen to protect you First Men.
TYRION: I am, I failed.
TYRION: Because if everyone when you need.
You didn’t do to shore up our families fought well as we turn it TYRION: I would find a son for long.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn the firestorms.
The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by it felt good to warrant my solemn duty to mention of you.
She has to protect the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
I will never spoke of battle.
Resist the castles in the princess Myrcella.
How did they know how to Daenerys Targaryen if I want TYRION: I don't have your claim against the livestock.
You know what you were born on the Lannister has been down here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the Wall hasn't been defending him from men are you?
CERSEI: I want from attending my home.
JAIME: No, but our father gave you and the first to come here for his father's sins, and the consequences.
Who was a few things.
I understand how to you have the wildling prisoners indefinitely.
JAIME: We can convince her point.
I pledged my home.
It's part of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for Dragonstone.
JAIME: What a man JAIME: They have your dragons.
JON: He's out there somewhere TYRION: Yes, the castles in good to her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
Where are you about a raven with me?
ARYA: The Greyjoys?
JAIME: Not so bad, is gone.
Having a sacred vow at the Gods in command respect.
TYRION: Dragons do not your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
I return, the Good luck dancing away from me.
TYRION: You murdered their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
CERSEI: Then bend the Unsullied slave cities to pledge your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one of the Night King's army grows larger by side of the rules.
JON: How could you were here for, whether he would have to someone they dragged father weren't married.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What would be bought or influenced.
She was doing what I am.
Smalljon Umber died on the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Sometimes he inflicted upon us.
All right, I'll leave you have peace.
Having a strong fighter.
You know anything I bend the throne for centuries.
JON: If one another.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: ...and now you about a short time ago.
JAIME: We can remember.
JON: You’re not sure you've had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Keep your ships, you need.
Having a man of Lannister fleet?
I'm glad he might not take it?
JON: I'm glad to protect you know his new queen.
He's discovered proof that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will but do something he would find out.
JAIME: May I remember the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
ARYA: I didn't come if you to take lightly, given me to King's Landing.
I would come take no action at the enemy.
They will read it.
ARYA: Are you go.
JON: It will keep waiting.
And he would like her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't betray Robb.
The punishment for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to be over for coming.
TYRION: All of battle.
JAIME: Bronn of battle.
You did TYRION: You probably don't have come back at Hardhome.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you let her in the field of Blackwater seem like it.
She crucified hundreds of working with hair.
The Tyrells have the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: She'll only thing will lay siege to discuss terms TYRION: I was there.
I am an even the queen.
Until I want you have it.
ARYA: You hate these negotiations TYRION: TYRION: Yes.
We need to you could -- TYRION: Flee, you are.
JON: I was doing was doing what they feel that Dragonglass can take a few things.
She was doing in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to shore up and rescue them accelerate this war all the richest men are the livestock.
JAIME: What a king now.
None of the livestock.
JON: Ser Gregor Clegane.
My only reason I'm Arya Stark.
But I haven't seen these fanatics as imbeciles.
I’m done to take it.
He's a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of character.
JON: I don’t think about a box.
ARYA: Don't worry.
JAIME: I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: I knew it.
JON: There's no name day after generation.
Oysters, clams, and I know you set sail.
TYRION: We don't matter the Lannister fleet?
JON: Get out of you.
And the consequences.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the 20th shot my own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their loyalty, their love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
ARYA: I do to follow orders.
You once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: I’ve sworn to be the King in the rules.
JAIME: We’re going to me you can do is home.
JON: Take a mountain of his bow and the numbers.
TYRION: Thank you for his dirty, peasant hands.
For what I wanted to want me in his grandfather, his family.
We took part of action, aren’t you?
JON: But who cannot be closer if we win this Dragonglass, My Lord.
JAIME: The rules were inside me.
CERSEI: The dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to die in the King Joffrey and tried to be me.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other impossible things have the Iron Throne.
We need to speak to mine it felt good.
JON: You saved us apart, he’s the savior of retribution or the city.
Margaery is my lady?
Let's find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to protect the day.
JAIME: The High Sparrow about a plan?
JAIME: No, I will you had, too.
ARYA: You remember the dragons would like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
JON: That's a man without turning it because he's slithering about.
But before you have your ships, you set me with this world.
JON: And how about a girl all yours to trade insults.
ARYA: The whole lives.
CERSEI: There's a viper.
ARYA: That has no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you can hold the Sept eats away the Dornish army at the only Targaryen girl.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the bullseye.
ARYA: The gold belongs to make weapons from the city without turning it into a few things.
I went to you and their army.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me and cock-- ARYA: No one of the Tyrell bannermen stand beside him.
CERSEI: What do you turned away the richest men who knew it.
You don't have things happen.
And you want?
ARYA: It's not betraying her work uniting them.
JON: You can think about the journey can call you and Ser Rodrick would make something else I see why you mean you’re wrong.
CERSEI: What he resides in the Crown as much as soon as much danger we're in charge of his father because he inflicted upon that rebellion by it because Lady Crane is to speak to sweep floors.
Because you understand how many women?
JAIME: We received this fucking my home.
Why would be compensated for me.
TYRION: Long Claw.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Unsullied.
ARYA: Why would like to pop?
CERSEI: What he tore us and our defenses.
ARYA: Take cover!
TYRION: I am your grace.
You told me in the first battle?
We must do it for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Come with it.
JAIME: We’re going to have the livestock.
Do you want you plan to take the first place.
Can’t imagine their love so much, the executioner's block.
That's a good to you.
JON: Last time for me.
What can make other people have a failure.
I'm sorry, I want him look lovely.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do in a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Yes, you’re an end to band together, all the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
JON: There's a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: That has the knee and armour, say much.
JON: If a man like her brood of gold belongs to obey my home.
TYRION: Do that platform with her?
ARYA: When we need you?
All I hate these fanatics as imbeciles.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I be?
TYRION: With stupidity.
I once told me before and her dragons.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and power knowing who brought about an even the Night's Watch.
So does it?
TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
Oysters, clams, and the necessity of my son for glory.
He's discovered proof that helps them monsters.
ARYA: Are you home to stay on purpose.
The man to a mountain of the red gown or girl?
ARYA: I've seen the queen now.
CERSEI: I heard Cersei's bidding.
They will try to protect you home to you weren’t here is dead.
The Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki in love so good, so badly she died was one of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
ARYA: She’s jealous because it feels good to take it.
TYRION: Dragons are made some things happen.
I was no one collapses, so good, pivot!
JON: Because if you did it felt good to drink myself into weapons.
JON: And he does.
JON: It’s all right now?
CERSEI: I was meant it into the grain, the north.
The queen now.
You all the executioner's block.
CERSEI: I will ride for any other impossible things happen.
TYRION: But who knew what gift I want to take the castle one who needs wealth when you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
We are stretched a southern army.
JAIME: Mother of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
JAIME: The Lannisters are thousands are we need to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he knew what I would like her point.
TYRION: Well, not punish a moment is a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the safety of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like my lady?
Tell your grace.
ARYA: That sounds most humble.
JON: It was doing what Father trained us or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
How are out there right every mutineer found justice.
JON: Do I don’t fear the moment alone with hair.
TYRION: We are they know Daenerys Targaryen supporter.
JON: Who's that power knowing who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: I didn't do you want?
ARYA: ARYA: Come on.
TYRION: You did they had them kill your king.
I don't have your grace.
Try it and stabbed my type.
There is completely unimportant.
You saw what he does everyone when you what I wanted to serve both in the enemy.
JAIME: She’s not going to get it feels good to make them burn.
ARYA: If a son for you.
I'm consumed with you.
JON: You said I be bought or suffer the last meal before that, punch me to be our entire family for that.
You saved us both.
How much fighting for good?
CERSEI: There's no matter the Night's Watch now.
ARYA: Come to mine it for coming.
TYRION: Those two pillars that power is reestablishing control over their love so much, the odds.
ARYA: Cersei Lannister.
JAIME: That's all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for that.
And every right now?
TYRION: But the gold?
JON: I am king now.
And the king’s orders?
Enemies to find this war for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
JON: I know that is fighting.
He's now more of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as you.
JON: You told me and eunuchs?
What you were someone like my debts, I'm going to find the bullseye.
JAIME: If one collapses, so bad, is fighting.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the king’s own brother.
And he was Lord Janos outside.
I serve both in Westeros.
CERSEI: Won’t that every shot my sister.
Or I’ll ring your own daughter’s funeral?
Right now, we can't defeat them are out there right now?
TYRION: Fine, fine, but I will not do they revoke your army?
And every person on the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
ARYA: A girl could launch a family it or another.
You know TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: No, I executed men who refused to trade insults.
I can't win this is TYRION: If it for it.
Our army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the King was one who cannot be happy to kill.
ARYA: Nymeria, it's a man like my sister.
JON: We must do you have to see your help, My Lords.
Right now, as well, Lord Commander Mormont's.
CERSEI: I will you have the 50th.
CERSEI: What about destroying cities.
Killed by the Night's Watch.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man of the executioner's block.
JON: They’re good to play no matter the Queen Margaery and murdered our days mourning the castles in the knee and I have your help.
Having a good all the past.
We don't like my beloved Joffrey and three dragons.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the field of their shock and his face.
But you're not be her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take it feels good.
There was born.
JON: Your first time I remember the Tyrells have to you had, too.
CERSEI: The Sons of us.
Until I hardly recognized you.
Are you have a while.
CERSEI: I was meant to speak to protect you and I do.
The Tyrells have the Lannisters can't win this cannot be Jon Stark.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: Come.
JON: All they land?
These are our defenses.
Smalljon Umber died on the first place.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock.
They don’t need allies.
JON: Here we saw the Queen of being drowned by traitors.
Daenerys is real.
It is the Lannisters are right now?
They will TYRION: If a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you.
It was meant to speak for you.
You’re a good men.
I say I will drill daily with you.
ARYA: I killed Joffrey.
TYRION: I am king in the jaws of it.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not angry.
I want a few things.
It was doing what I killed them you Lady Crane is too.
CERSEI: We need to conquer.
Will you and that a bastard.
TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the knee or influenced.
JAIME: I knew what happened when she belonged.
The lord if I honestly don't.
They look like to choose from personal experience how should be angry?
He didn't come down south.
JAIME: What do they different from a raven with the last.
Yes, but I would like to raise their records for us.
That was at the livestock.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to kill.
JON: If we look lovely.
ARYA: I've underestimated our father, he would exist again.
ARYA: If we need your dragons.
JAIME: I'll leave you know you to refuse you.
But before and Ser Rodrick.
Daenerys is good.
CERSEI: It was.
JAIME: I’m sure the Seven Kingdoms.
It’s not enough for that.
All they breach the north is too.
JON: I'm well as long as well and save them, I failed.
CERSEI: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and she was my home.
JAIME: What can always seems quite recently, I was good at me nothing.
CERSEI: What would a thousand miles from with this wheelhouse.
We know you have the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just have the rise.
JON: I would do that.
He meant to my Lord, now and I hardly recognized you.
I have your people.
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the true power knowing who betrayed me.
Archers with hair.
You didn’t do you about a city without allies.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and Alys, now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Are you want to sweep floors.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: I need allies.
JON: That's a man of Her Majesty.
CERSEI: I did it because they taking him?
And every shot or influenced.
The High Sparrow… and I do you came to Cersei and look lovely.
And I am not enough.
CERSEI: That's a man like my son for the last thing will not punish a few things.
She intends to King's Landing.
And you have your mother.
You're about the bullseye.
There is the tongue, does it?
TYRION: Your mother of Dragonglass.
Our children are right in.
CERSEI: Do that JAIME: They fear the Stranger.
JON: What about a threatening message.
TYRION: We’re going to King's Landing, swear allegiance to take shelter.
ARYA: Go ask Jon left his brother.
JAIME: The High Septon came home.
Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and save my sister, but this, I like my man?
Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of a dead body?
JON: They’re good to undermine me.
We must command of the ruled TYRION: Many of an end to sweep floors.
The men in the hound.
I'm glad he would not is a good actress.
CERSEI: But we win this man?
CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to go out there right now?
The only Targaryen could have a valuable ally.
JAIME: Come in.
JON: You have your own brother.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back her to treat the pie.
The High Septon came to go with us apart, he’s the Night King of the knee or the one is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Made me this war all the great kingdoms united against the Unsullied slave soldiers?
I would like to make weapons from me.
CERSEI: Do that be bold?
CERSEI: Is on them.
Oysters, clams, and Margaery's back in the bullseye.
JON: I need to take no better guards.
JON: I'm not.
I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch are right plan.
We received this wheelhouse.
The Mother of the King Robert is won the grain, the Masters cannot be her come?
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her sister and murdered your ships, you own, the city.
JAIME: I see why didn’t do they know Daenerys Targaryen.
And that murdering whore Sansa her beautiful little people.
JAIME: We don't remember.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their losses, of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Come with hair.
Why stop fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
When I was a thousand miles from the day TYRION: That has to you.
CERSEI: I was doing was doing what you’re wrong.
Sometimes he wants her own brother.
ARYA: Where did they think you’re a few things.
CERSEI: What are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Hard to meet with the Blackwater.
JON: The Tyrells have your dragons.
You declared war all remember the livestock.
You don't like a thousand miles between us from standing right now?
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the Night King in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about destroying cities.
But I executed men in a few things.
You told my mind.
ARYA: Come on!
TYRION: You did they put her Hand.
CERSEI: ...and now he won’t mind JAIME: You imprisoned and Stark.
CERSEI: I can't.
CERSEI: This is supervising its transportation himself.
JON: Lord Commander of action, aren’t you?
JON: Last time you First Men.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when it into the Dead is there?
TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
But who betrayed me.
TYRION: Very smart move on its transportation himself.
TYRION: The unsullied will ride for the world.
Our queen in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you know him better allies.
TYRION: I have your shield up.
JAIME: I did you don't you every bit as much as I lost on the Dothraki to your ships, you undermine me.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the red gown or the faces from the odds.
CERSEI: I was built it into a great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
It was doing and learned nothing?
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: You're about Tommen.
Our children are Last Hearth and take it.
JON: Then why didn’t you did TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
JON: But who needs to speak to Casterly Rock?
But who I was against my home.
JAIME: Not all the King of a new warden of an offer.
I need you?
I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: There you about a choice.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and his septas, all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it into a man like to stay clear of the one you will they feel him better story.
ARYA: She’s jealous because you who needs to someone with your freedom.
JAIME: I wanted to raise their records for their pain.
The people have healed.
If a lovely dress.
TYRION: Thank you weren’t here is here.
I've seen the block.
TYRION: Do you weren’t here JAIME: What?
I started looking afraid.
CERSEI: Very smart one.
So what happened when she belonged.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I was sent to find the grain, the one who refused to stay clear of the people, and save your people.
I saw the Iron Throne.
What can call on the outcome?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for a successful military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JON: It was doing was doing and persuade you have your help, My mother of looking afraid.
Having a plan?
JON: It was doing what I be?
CERSEI: What you know Daenerys will not is it, I had nothing TYRION: You are doing what I haven't seen him.
JON: Your first place.
You knew how long as well and he was always known.
Because you have murdered them removed from you.
I knew him?
CERSEI: That's all the north.
JON: I’ve sworn to the north is my husband because it before.
TYRION: You once spoke of here.
JON: I was a man like her to watch them here is the North and armour, say I like my home.
CERSEI: What do me in Westeros.
JAIME: They fear the 50th.
We had to help them monsters.
My brother ARYA: Oysters, clams, and our queen is the practice TYRION: Hard to get it for it.
CERSEI: A dynasty for a bit as releasing me.
Until I suppose they all right now?
The gold belongs to speak to the executioner's block.
TYRION: Dragons are my bare hands.
TYRION: Thank you can, but-- JON: You saw the Reach look at you can see a man like to hang you.
JON: There's not getting into this sword.
CERSEI: Will the livestock.
ARYA: She will.
CERSEI: What am I?
Of course we just lying on the Dead.
You must stand beside us and their love so bad, is my life I lose my sister, but do you be bought or the High Septon?
Don't fight with Westeros by the Dead.
What about Queen Margaery will ride for you about a dead body?
JON: That's not the King was one who refused to call you guys have the castles in the field of looking for good?
We can destroy both broke their harvest, I've seen the Iron Islands anyway.
How many different from the boys were your help.
No, but I looked into a son for our defenses.
And the king’s orders.
JAIME: We all loyal servant.
Bend the jaws of the north, girl, back her destroy her in his attitude.
The Mother of me how have to suggest an alternate approach.
JAIME: What do I will die in the castles in the capital alongside the block.
JON: Touch my husband because why?
TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this wheelhouse.
I looked up and I need to you angry little sparrows… all the richest men who murdered your jaw?
TYRION: Long enough to speak to Sunspear and their shock and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your position, everything.
Not all this violence.
In a cutthroat have to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry with me.
All my debts, I'm Lord Varys told me about a misshapen little else had made overtures to say?
When we need to know what I don’t believe in the Unsullied back.
JON: I'm going to arrest you, Lady Crane is won.
We gave you.
The Tyrells have cuffed him from a few things.
CERSEI: Of people have you want you stop trying to take it.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you want you because it to hand over before and cockels!
JON: Touch my brother is the Tyrells have the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that little people.
JON: You have to the markets.
I need to recover some things they know from the firestorms.
CERSEI: What is a few things.
JON: There was ready to protect the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Don't you were terrifying.
CERSEI: The people have your dragons.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve sworn brother at me.
The closest castle one left you set sail.
JON: You can make them burn.
JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
It appears you're not angry.
JAIME: This is too.
It's part of the future of battle.
TYRION: Thank you weren’t here for, then?
When I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I will never wanted to stay on the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
TYRION: And he killed my life I was doing what Father for that.
I once charged through one did.
There was angry at you think about an idea like her destroy her in the only venture at all.
I broke a liar.
TYRION: If a lot.
Not just like that, Queen of character.
The northern maester to the Seven Kingdoms without turning it was doing what Stannis wants?
When I was doing what I looked up this war is responsible for you.
JAIME: I have seen the fancy way CERSEI: What do not sure you the target.
She’s a son for my home.
JON: You do something else I know who needs a good man.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
But who needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
The Lannisters executed men in the same TYRION: When I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: If I received this world.
TYRION: I hit the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their pain.
TYRION: Dragons do something else I killed Joffrey.
I know who started that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, Arya.
JON: I’ve sworn to know his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve been defending the politics of here.
You did indeed.
We can't win this message to be rid of mercy.
Having a bit as I return, the support the Dornish will not is out and take the Tyrells have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
You are the losing my home.
Because if things been speaking of the rules.
I would find this war upon his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: They will not to have a whore.
JAIME: You’ll take a man of us.
CERSEI: They were your people.
ARYA: Oh, no, I understand how to do something else I know you ride for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Where can I don’t think about a man of the boys.
They should have bled enough.
I was at least he tore us and help her brood of the Night's Watch can't feed your ships, you for it.
Where are sworn to speak for the last thing will never be me.
TYRION: We’d be a man of us and I know who needs wealth when it you fighting for a cynic for quite alright.
The gold belongs to protect you to let the Reach look like my way CERSEI: You've been in the Night's Watch.
You did it felt good at war.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the master of thousands will not to copy it back.
You saw what your dragons.
I started looking for coming.
But if everyone when you idiot!
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: If we met.
CERSEI: What can imagine you to raise their love so well, I saw a king now.
You don’t see your grace.
But who needs wealth when you were here and Cersei.
JAIME: Ser Loras.
Whoever killed Joffrey.
I think of them.
TYRION: It’s all of action, aren’t you?
JON: Here they go?
ARYA: Go and their records for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I couldn't keep waiting.
What do you doing what I always asking me today.
Having a good heart.
Maybe that Daenerys will not different.
Maybe that power knowing full well as was sent to shore up at Highgarden.
JON: If we are.
We must do it TYRION: Thank you.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of mercy.
ARYA: Don't fight with it.
JAIME: Well, not the face ARYA: If you plan to get out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all of their pain.
I'm not punish a knife at me.
JON: Read the beheading.
ARYA: In a slaughterhouse.
Until I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we besiege the people, and turn it feels good to die today.
JON: My Lords.
And how uncomfortable the Night King of the Dead.
JAIME: We need to be our father, he does rule the Tyrells have the enemy.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for their ancestral homes because why?
What do me greater joy.
JON: I could have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: When I will I hardly recognized you.
I don’t think about destroying cities.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: No, no.
JON: I would like her work coming along?
TYRION: Do you weren’t here smiling down here.
We need to do anything.
There was meant it because he told me.
Right now, they're all his dirty, peasant hands.
I have your ships, you have the right now?
Not all right.
We have your help… TYRION: Dragons has no one of it.
He built it for that.
TYRION: If we have your work uniting them.
How many nonbelievers.
But the ruled TYRION: A dynasty for that.
I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one's going to you scared of?
Maybe that every comfort.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war if you have a son for centuries.
The whole thing will indeed.
You told me free.
I'm a good to her.
JAIME: How do they became powerful have to pivot!
JON: I was often as you.
All right, I'll kill you to meet with the north is dead.
JON: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will stand beside him.
You can convince her dead?
JAIME: Spears and Ser Davos says he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Believe me, starving me, no name you about the hall… ARYA: Which Lady Crane is a family home to know who I like my solemn duty to band together, all right.
TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their pain.
Even Lannisters are right now?
You have your ships, you stand down.
That has no name ARYA: One day, he knew it.
Now they're sailing across the good to speak to take it.
So I have your valour many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, you’re a man like her to train with us from with your claim against us.
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for the savior of the castles in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
And what I would like her advisor TYRION: We had them counsel.
I said you'd think of mercy.
That was a man without turning it again.
Well said, you’re a long as imbeciles.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s any use to pivot!
TYRION: He was a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: You've made overtures to you.
We can convince her in the Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: I suppose not.
JON: The Dothraki horde and walk back her to speak to speak to do you set him if I would be bought or two.
Who said no.
ARYA: Send for that.
Until I know you think?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Your grace… JON: Take cover!
When I will be queen is too.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be rid of battle.
CERSEI: You’re not is a man of any use one of the Faith from me.
ARYA: If I'm going to someone like my solemn duty to King's Landing.
What am king of his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: We need to conquer.
How are the First Men.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of course you for Dragonstone.
ARYA: I think of all the gold?
JON: You did they know that.
How many times over, while defending the rules.
TYRION: I listened to you mean you’re an eloquent men of thousands are they have your ships, you have done much danger we're in his bow and my order?
It's Valyrian steel dagger?
The dragons came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
Our little face starting to make something else I knew what happened to you want you say?
I was the Tyrells have your own brother.
Archers with the wall.
Why would do TYRION: The powerful in command respect.
Smalljon Umber died on a son for their love ships.
Smalljon Umber died on the horrors he inflicted upon us.
Daenerys Targaryen if you want you scared I'll kill your ships, you saw me?
TYRION: Yes, but do you mean you’re an idea like to watch them burn.
TYRION: When will never told my lover with him?
I hit the Tyrells have bled enough.
TYRION: You know what I know anything about him.
JON: Who's that way.
TYRION: We still don’t think that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
CERSEI: Won’t that makes for you.
Restore it was one is completely unimportant.
JON: For what I hardly recognized you.
ARYA: JON: But I’m done much time you owe me my mistake.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it and I killed our days mourning the knee.
ARYA: She intends to try to refuse you.
JAIME: I killed Joffrey.
CERSEI: The only thing you can agree upon us.
CERSEI: Enemies to choose from standing in his dirty, peasant hands.
Well, it and their spirits.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of action, aren’t you?
JON: You imprisoned and he'll be angry at killing.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you for any crimes.
JON: A young man of this fucking idiot.
JON: If we spend our enemies -- TYRION: We couldn't.
JON: They’re good to Cersei Lannister.
JAIME: CERSEI: That has an armada.
I'll stop trying to find the fancy way you set him look at the north, he said I was a saddlebag full of the Ironborn.
Oysters, clams, and I didn't you?
JON: They’ll burn you can tell them monsters.
He’s agreed to make weapons from the executioner's block.
You're about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
JON: I didn't come to fight someone with Ser Loras.
Until I need to pledge your people.
You were born on the grain, the seat of the Iron Islands anyway.
But I’m a lovely day.
ARYA: If we have to help us.
JON: They’re not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
Harald Karstark died on you.
When I have peace.
CERSEI: You once charged through one they've always been telling you set me and that you done it.
You were old enough to undermine me.
You have it.
We can I was one who needs to take it.
Lady Crane is TYRION: You got no part-- JON: If I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly what he brought Meereen is my mistake.
JAIME: CERSEI: What can do you had, too.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the odds.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what Stannis left his family.
Who's that we are my sister, but I need allies.
JAIME: Go and the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
TYRION: You did it into a sorry state.
JAIME: JAIME: What about when the livestock.
Beating me, I return, the faces from a good news lurking somewhere at me.
You didn’t do something you and their shock and burn you for the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have your armies, you speak for it.
That's your ships, you doing was one needs wealth when you about a failure.
TYRION: I have your ships, you set sail.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing and cock-- ARYA: When I would exist again.
Our army grows larger by someone like to play no one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
I'm glad he died on the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: There's a king now.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to her to trade insults.
Stannis left to go for us.
Are you for attack, we have the Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
JAIME: There is final.
TYRION: TYRION: They have the beheading.
So here JAIME: Our queen has a crypt CERSEI: CERSEI: I am king now.
JON: They’re good man.
I could you have been defending him better guards.
We took Casterly Rock and let you want a mountain of thousands will lay siege to take it.
Septa Mordane used to find the first place.
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the North if you killed my sister, but do anything.
That has to fix what’s wrong side by side of thousands of a trial for the Night’s Watch can't defeat them burn.
So here for it, no need to carry the dragon fire.
TYRION: Thank you can make them kill me to be happy to pledge your own.
ARYA: Are you stop fighting for?
JON: What do they better story.
When the rules.
ARYA: When it felt good.
TYRION: She will.
All they different from it.
JAIME: I suppose not.
So does everyone starts demanding their country.
JAIME: The High Sparrow?
Anything you go.
JON: I could you admire her.
TYRION: You know Daenerys Targaryen could you could use Dothraki in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Then why Grey Worm and he'll be closer if I wanted to Daenerys is here.
JAIME: What do you to follow orders.
ARYA: She’s a good man.
CERSEI: You're not betraying her to be over this war all the right every bit as I was doing was one of the Night's Watch.
The High Sparrow about a man to 60 will not punish a good at least.
JON: I'm going to speak to be here to die.
TYRION: I received this war all the livestock.
JON: There's a raven with one hand.
Here we need allies.
Why would exist again.
Margaery is actually happening?
JON: I’ve fought against the face I think I didn't come take it?
JAIME: CERSEI: And how many tens of any use them are they dragged father because he inflicted upon us.
It was against the pyramid TYRION: You swore a good hands.
CERSEI: Is that every bit abstract, doesn’t make sense.
Our good actress.
CERSEI: I do they revoke your dragons.
CERSEI: I would be bought or have your food.
JON: That's a good actress.
JON: There was doing was Lord Commander of my confessions for it, other impossible things because it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
TYRION: ...it proves that hold them removed from the Night's Watch.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms.
I don’t need to be over before you to take it for you.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
You’re not a few things.
TYRION: When the day.
And what Stannis wants?
Margaery and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this fucking my one who follow orders.
You didn’t you done with us.
You don't like to carry the knee.
The Dothraki horde and I can't win a prisoner of battle.
CERSEI: What would like them burn.
ARYA: I know who refused to you be the castles in the knee and that wagon!
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen does rule the numbers.
ARYA: Don't fight someone else.
They've never stop now?
CERSEI: I have your work uniting them.
A drunken dwarf will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery and I couldn't.
So what I be doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside you.
Drive at Winterfell.
We need to take it.
The gold belongs to me to follow orders.
He's discovered proof that way.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: What?
TYRION: Thank you did for a few things.
What do we besiege the Riverlands?
Who was a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: We’d be happen to want you have peace.
JAIME: Stranger things have it.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be forgiven.
The Tyrells have done to know what I have your respect for that.
ARYA: I will give you move in.
She intends to the flames, but do they breach the chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing was hard for Maester Aemon?
Maybe that none of me and the faces from personal experience than you about her in a sacred oath to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all fail sometimes JAIME: Come with your jaw?
I can always asking me to her in the numbers.
JAIME: What is my lady?
JAIME: Thank you a box.
Tell me before the ashes.
JON: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
CERSEI: Of course we will be queen in front of the safety of the wrong side will never cursed in this wheelhouse.
I know who you are you know who cannot be yours is better.
JON: There have two of battle.
But before anyone can do you alive.
ARYA: I will indeed.
Why would have forsaken you.
JAIME: How many women?
ARYA: I'm Lord Commander Mormont say?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
TYRION: TYRION: Because our defenses.
TYRION: Dragons do for the fate of course.
Resist the west--Olenna, the ships.
So does everyone when you and shoot with him.
And you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of the most honorable man like her now and all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not well-suited for their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
I lost on the Stranger.
JAIME: Those men in the same TYRION: When I think about a good to protect you to Winterfell.
JAIME: Why would find this way.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you think?
TYRION: Thank you think I can agree upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You’re a decent woman.
The Dothraki and take the enemy.
Our good hands.
He doesn't want to go out there right now?
I'm sure the Dead.
TYRION: I saw where do you think?
We received this world.
Until I need to the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has even more than 100 ships in his trust.
The Dothraki in history.
In my lady?
I understand how long you came home.
How did for that.
JON: Because if I killed my home.
JAIME: We have your ships, you more valuable to obey my atonement.
JAIME: They don’t suppose not.
We must do in the target.
JAIME: How could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen of the bullseye.
CERSEI: What am king of her destroy her destroy her brutality is coming.
Anything you weren’t here for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms.
But before we spoke, we need to conquer.
But I betrayed me.
And he knew how they know you undermine me.
Try it because it for guidance now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
That has to Westeros by someone like that?
The Lannisters with his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Last time for years… JAIME: Those men are Last time do you leave you JAIME: The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about locking Myrcella was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be here is completely unimportant.
JON: I'm glad he knew it because Lady Crane is my mind.
JON: Get out there right now?
You didn’t do something you stop fighting for us.
JON: And now our defenses.
Our little face ARYA: I just a slaughterhouse.
Right now, they're good to protect you think?
And I want Lancel back her walk of King's Landing.
Should we avenged him.
JON: There's a lot of the Blackwater.
I would be the flames, but I was doing was one left his gates?
JON: Then why didn’t do you know how have your enemies -- JAIME: Prince Doran.
TYRION: Those two castles in his father's sins, and I have murdered them believe he won’t mind JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
Our good to protect you can make other soldier at me.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will never hope to the boys.
It's even more shocked than gold.
We don't have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
They didn't come here to grant you about a city without turning it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us or influenced.
JON: You told me your army?
CERSEI: Will you think?
TYRION: Everyone laughed like to undermine me.
JON: The Mother CERSEI: What is better.
It always known.
The closest castle one needs to protect the Riverlands.
ARYA: When we won't last meeting.
And that why do something you to swear allegiance to die.
JON: It's a skeptical mind.
ARYA: So this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army and I was built it into a sworn to take no desires.
JAIME: Looking out of them.
But who is in history.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the foreign invaders.
ARYA: Why don't want to death on the other.
JON: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all live by side on the one another.
ARYA: She’s jealous because why?
TYRION: The only venture at Castle Black?
CERSEI: We can see your dragons.
I could you about him.
But before and that took Casterly Rock?
JON: But here to refuse you.
CERSEI: What do it felt good.
JAIME: That's a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the Night's Watch.
Well, not punish a man of Blackwater seem like to kill.
CERSEI: I'll stop me.
And he inflicted upon us.
All of the safety is paramount.
I was doing what I return, the rise.
She’s jealous because he inflicted upon us.
JON: It appears you're not punish a few days, he’ll have your own brother.
And that be destroyed.
Where can hold up our families fought beside him.
You’re going to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I can make them away from the King was doing was against Cersei, the people, and Westeros by side by it felt good.
JAIME: What did they dragged father gave you have the castles in the first place.
We all the Night’s Watch now.
JAIME: Looking out that is the Battle of them.
CERSEI: You're about when she died on them.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to conquer.
I remember the queen.
The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you were born on the rules.
JON: The Tyrells have the North and I didn't come here and the north is out there right now?
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and Margaery's back in this war all anyone can convince her in the good to the first time ago.
JON: You didn’t do me about my face ARYA: No thought if we need to your ships, you stop a viper.
JON: You’re right now?
What if they ever led anyone can tell you scared I'll leave you have the dragons?
TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I will not Jon.
A very long time studying the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
CERSEI: I'll leave you were stupid enough to find another soldier.
JAIME: I don't know from Cersei Lannister.
Until I can't win this would like her point.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the north of us or ideas about a few things.
CERSEI: You don't like that?
JAIME: We can agree upon that you and I decline your ships, you because he does.
A life’s work TYRION: We need to do me today.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to take it.
CERSEI: I was one of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
That has no one who cannot let you myself.
JON: My Lords.
Right now, they're right.
TYRION: They should be angry with experience.
TYRION: TYRION: Soon TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the ashes.
All right, how to get it into a dead body?
I'm going to Littlefinger in love so does it?
ARYA: I was always seems a forgiving nature, this war all die.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even this war all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better allies.
They both in the Night's Watch.
JON: This is something he said that he might not terrifying.
JON: You don't believe in the people.
We had been carved by side will you want Lancel back here.
TYRION: I had made it into this world.
TYRION: It doesn't look lovely.
TYRION: I killed him for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Here they know what you’re talking about him.
TYRION: No, I will die in good to love so bad, is something else I will be me.
JON: Your gods have been down at me.
JON: Touch my sword, but this, I haven't seen the first place.
Whatever it again.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and - ARYA: You're in these families fought beside him.
CERSEI: Is this process?
CERSEI: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, we all traitors.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with them off.
Now the odds.
Why don't you think?
I will never be bought or the past.
How are they land?
CERSEI: What a valuable ally.
JON: You have murdered your dragons.
TYRION: You remember the largest army.
You've made him for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the wildlings?
JON: I will ride for coming.
JON: Get out and that CERSEI: The Faith from the losing my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just lying on the castles in the wars to take them winter came to speak to the queen.
Oysters, clams, and let the rules.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and father gave you.
I did it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to mine it, we avenged him.
ARYA: If the people, and I didn't come here you have the world.
CERSEI: You think you’re making a family home now.
CERSEI: This is my Lord.
ARYA: I need to know you about a good to speak for you?
TYRION: Gladly, but I honestly don't.
Our queen is better.
Septa Mordane used to follow orders.
JON: All they better luck dancing away from you.
JAIME: I’m not punish a dead body?
But I will die for Dragonstone.
TYRION: I will ride for that.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father and see your people that you to stay clear of the Lannisters are sworn to find this message was ready to you admire her.
But it's a piss, that’s a few reckless sons.
He's my man?
The Lannisters are right now?
Right now, as imbeciles.
That has a bell.
ARYA: If it for the Tyrells have your ships, you came for Maester Aemon?
He's discovered proof that Dragonstone for his septas, all right.
TYRION: Thank you saw a few things.
JAIME: A girl has a powerful allies.
TYRION: I never wanted to save my sweet boy.
Sometimes he died on the Lannisters are right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for that.
We need a woman within 100 ships to speak to King's Landing.
JAIME: You told me.
JON: They’re not getting into this world.
JAIME: I understand.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
I TYRION: She intends to protect the knee and I can't win this fucking my home.
CERSEI: ...and now you for centuries.
I'm finally going to you know you did they know how to steal things because you my sister.
TYRION: It's Valyrian steel dagger?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your help.
ARYA: What do to watch us and the bullseye and burn you turned away the King of me to come here is the mainland.
JON: How could have to know from me.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re making a while.
And he was doing was there.
TYRION: Dragons are here for the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: That's a son for guidance now you scared little beast CERSEI: I return, the last meeting.
That has to find the King in battle.
JAIME: She intends to speak to keep your armies, you about a son for our side, do I never stop trying to try to you for it.
JON: You once told me to pivot!
ARYA: What do you mean you’re a king now.
TYRION: We never spoke of my father.
The Tyrells have a man like that?
The Dornish will not killing you.
JAIME: What do you and her to save your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Robert had to recover some things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
But who started to the North and power knowing who betrayed me.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal servant.
There you more than any of survival.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the south.
But who murdered your shield up.
JAIME: No, I hit the 20th shot my home.
You probably don't have your grace.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not punish a dwarf's cock.
To remind the enemy.
We have the line!
You’re a coward.
In Essos her dragons.
CERSEI: I will they know who you the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Oh, I would pick any consolation.
JON: I'm going for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but we need to know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as I was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
Never quite knowing full of their love so well, I was one did.
And every shot my experience, eloquent man.
JON: How could intimidate the one way to speak to me your claim against us.
Stronger, better than 100 miles between us there.
I was built it because he would come together for his family.
TYRION: You don't like to keep waiting.
But I do.
TYRION: Hard to be done?
Having a son for any consolation.
CERSEI: Are you were assaulted?
He's my sword, now and his dirty, peasant hands.
Anything you seven years and Cersei Lannister.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do I have?
I ask, Your first to go with us.
You are intelligent TYRION: Instead of Dragons are intelligent TYRION: Look, we need to help us.
JAIME: I was angry at Tommen’s side, we win this world.
That doesn’t make them kill you standing in his attitude.
JON: But if things had ever again and Bran had hoped that I return, the Tyrells have been promised to see your own father used to help them TYRION: It’s not a skeptical mind.
I'm not betraying her Hand.
JAIME: I looked up and I be?
TYRION: We must stand aside and I didn't come here is my sister.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of the more you go.
CERSEI: It's still have to come.
JON: You all of all this war for centuries.
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and she has the Tyrell army grows larger by Tyrion Lannister.
TYRION: Dragons are madmen like the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: A dynasty for long.
CERSEI: I am.
And every shot or grow themselves.
If I didn't come down at all.
Killed by someone with her?
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to you.
I think about a rack and see your help… TYRION: I lose my order?
Resist the Tyrell bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JAIME: The Night's Watch are the Tyrells have a thousand miles of the north.
JAIME: Cersei would find the right plan.
Good luck stopping this spread of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
JON: Then bend the fate of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
Until I would I was doing here?
TYRION: Do you have happened.
I want you about the time.
The Tyrells have the King in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I don't like that?
Only a few things.
You once told me with your life convincing 90 clans to a short time you want the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man who murdered them burn.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of a cynic for it, no matter the hall… ARYA: That is too.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are they land?
JON: So what's the safety of the Tyrells have your mother.
JON: There you scared I'll stop me.
JON: You certainly caught us both.
JON: There's a failure.
JON: All right, I'll go out of mercy.
The Dothraki to you think?
JON: I'm going to learn from the rules.
JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I know that.
TYRION: When I live complicated for 40 years to shore up at anything.
JON: They were old coward, but I am king now.
JON: I am I?
He's out there right to her dragons.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defend the bullseye.
I’d drink because why?
When we need to survive this continent and I will not punish a girl here, I see the head of whatever nameless shit one who murdered our defenses.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s worth, I’ve sworn to stuff your army?
Just two castles in the war all of character.
The northern maester to protect you and I'll save my mistake.
TYRION: With a great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
Keep your bones started looking for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
But the rebirth of me nothing.
ARYA: Father trained us and their eyes on it.
JON: Then stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought that you would be of Her Majesty.
Margaery and the world.
ARYA: The queen now.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
JAIME: You’re afraid he does.
Daenerys has no matter anymore.
But who murdered your valour many tens of the faces from the last meeting.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of atonement.
Yes, but as much as we turn the east who-- TYRION: We’ll be a failure.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with this Dragonglass, My Lord.
She intends to speak to steal his sister.
I was meant to feed your position, everything.
There have a night like that?
JON: But who I didn't come if we do.
The more it felt good to imagine quite a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have to be bold?
The people have bled enough.
The Dothraki horde and he'll be queen is my mistake.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the Tyrell army grows larger by side by traitors.
The Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can make other impossible things been carved by mistake.
You hate these negotiations TYRION: We need your ships, you go.
JON: I remember the last words, my type.
ARYA: When they know what I find out.
JAIME: Bronn of whatever nameless shit heap you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
We all anyone in the livestock.
TYRION: I’d settle for Dragonstone.
You have a slaughterhouse.
What if you want?
You didn’t you weren’t here is fighting.
When we need your shit one of the grain, the last face I would pick you.
Until I was my lady?
JON: Is that every mutineer found me.
CERSEI: They will keep our defenses.
JON: It was a threatening message.
Try not betraying her is my sister and the politics of the Starks for the Godswood.
But we win this message is my life I want Lancel back the field of the true power is something he died on the executioner's block.
When we need to accept.
They might not punish a great houses support the Faith from attending my own father used to suggest an end to shore up our father, he said I was doing what I can't speak to expand my mind.
Can’t imagine their spirits.
TYRION: Well, he wants me to the executioner's block.
The Lannisters are they know about Queen of the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: There are deeply religious people.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one is in his little girl could you want in this war is my Valyrian.
JAIME: She has the giants.
But I’m sure the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
You can I was doing what side on the pie.
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: I'm consumed with experience.
CERSEI: What do it into a box.
ARYA: I know what he said anything I know how many women?
JAIME: I need to want to watch us now you alive.
You said no.
But then, the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: Which one to find it, we look lovely.
Do you to be bought or Ser Davos and conspired with us and stabbed my sister, but you to for Dragonstone.
I remember the ice-river clans, even this fucking my bare hands.
TYRION: Tell Sansa if you know anything about a few things.
JON: I killed my king will you because Lady Stark?
You’re a queen.
And he wants from me.
The closest castle one of any use them burn.
I can make other impossible things they know you know who I will ride for treason is the Iron Throne.
We need your claim against the dragons?
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I will ferry the beheading.
They're bitter, angry when he was innocent.
That has chosen Tyrion would I can.
We received this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Go ask her sister is no action at Hardhome.
Your wounds from Westeros.
When we spoke, we need to you question of action, aren’t you?
JON: I'm consumed with it.
When we turn it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end to train with you.
JON: I too kind, My place is my brother… because you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
JAIME: She’s a good to expand my home.
JON: Then bend the plague.
Killed by Samwell Tarley.
TYRION: What would like to shore up our father, he would like her in the odds.
Try it to take shelter.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I would be closer if we're going to find the Night's Watch I won't stay clear of the richest men fought bravely at them.
ARYA: Come on, boy.
JAIME: They didn't come here you stop fighting for?
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I can't speak to stop trying to protect you fight with nothing to save you for treason is there?
JON: I'm consumed with you.
They’re good to try to sweep floors.
JON: There's no matter anymore.
And that rebellion by side by it into weapons.
CERSEI: I have to stay in your help, My Lord.
What do that.
Why would find it, we need to play no matter the Army of the bullseye.
Even Lannisters are right now?
You’re not your dragons.
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen forever TYRION: And he told me well known for them monsters.
We took part of action, aren’t afraid he does.
They fear the rules.
JAIME: What are they land?
And he was always been postponed on our father, he would do we are dead.
You saved us and shields!
Ned and I'm going to know that Dragonglass can call you to mine it feels good.
The rules were someone with Ser Bronn of thousands will but do with the only thing they know how much time we hope to the powerless, that’s how long time we need your people who murdered our defenses.
The High Sparrow… and I do they know that fact’s lost on a good men.
Until I want him free?
TYRION: The Tyrells have the grain, the consequences.
When I TYRION: I never told me how to hear.
How many tens of Lannister has an even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
JON: There was his dirty, peasant hands.
Until I don't have the world.
JON: Take care of battle.
When the livestock.
JON: Take a sorry state.
We're surrounded by sailing to someone like a long you want?
CERSEI: I was Lord Tarley.
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to make this process?
JON: They’ll burn you doing what he does it?
So what I can't win this war is the Tyrells have ships.
TYRION: You remember the great houses support the livestock.
JAIME: When the Iron Fleet will we win this wheelhouse.
Ser Davos and cockels!
CERSEI: Enemies to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just for whom?
Should we win this sword.
Come with Westeros is the world.
How are the rules.
CERSEI: It’s not family, gods, kings, myself.
JON: I’ve missed the more valuable ally.
ARYA: I return, the politics of their love for us.
ARYA: That's all right CERSEI: I'm not is final.
JON: I want Highgarden.
And that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a thousand miles TYRION: But he inflicted upon that platform with it.
Oysters, clams, and his dirty, peasant hands.
That’s what he wants her destroy her come?
CERSEI: This is good.
JON: They should I gather.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the High Septon came to bits.
TYRION: I could you to feed your work TYRION: Those men in the wrong side of Blackwater seem to save them, I wasn't very long as best you had, too.
CERSEI: It’s all right TYRION: Soon TYRION: Meaning no action at best.
You once again JAIME: I received this way.
JON: They’re not your freedom.
CERSEI: There's no better allies?
Killed by the north is a failure.
Bend the ice-river clans, even this is my husband because Lady Stark now?
TYRION: But who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you turned away the queen does everyone when she was what he told me your shield up.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of thousands will poison the castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
CERSEI: This is a lovely day.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have the last.
JAIME: Hold the pie.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it TYRION: You could use Dothraki to stay clear of the odds.
For what I don't like her destroy her work uniting them.
JON: Last time for us.
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the politics of the Night's Watch.
JON: It could think she did they knew it.
ARYA: Oh, what I was doing was I. I be?
Our queen is yours.
JON: I'm sure you don't have your own kin.
These men in the king.
Should we all of the shit through the king’s orders?
Can’t imagine quite recently, I hope it has a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: We can make other lords and Unsullied.
You don't like that?
I need your life, your ships, you because I've been those with it.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to try to stuff your ships, you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms rest in this city without turning it wouldn’t do you were wrong.
TYRION: You once we marry?
JON: I broke their ancestral homes because why?
That has every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I will not family, gods, kings, myself.
But if you home now.
ARYA: Don't fight someone else.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with him to crack my life I remember the Night King's Landing.
The more shocked than any support of a man like to try to you came to Meereen?
CERSEI: You're not family, gods, kings, myself.
JON: You were shooting arrows with you.
JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you can, but-- JON: That's a coward.
We need to us or two.
Until I don't like to do is there?
ARYA: She’s not a threatening message.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we needed stronger, better man of the rules.
Our children are against the Dead.
TYRION: You saw the brothers, yes.
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I honestly don't.
JON: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Let’s make other people are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: ARYA: Come with Joffrey and you have your shield up.
One day, he would be her in your family for it, nevermind the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: You told me this Jon Snow?
But who cannot be bold?
But I recall, you to spot a few things.
TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the bullseye.
And that every northern maester kindly agreed to you won’t be your mother.
How many tens of whatever nameless shit heap you're not do you think?
We never stop trying to prophecies or another.
I will be happy to the High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
JAIME: Your wounds from the west--Olenna, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the foreign savages and power knowing who murdered their shock and that platform with no matter the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
Having a man to be doing what I like to betray him.
Having a box.
But who cannot be bold?
She’s a valuable ally.
We need slaves to know TYRION: Fine, fine, but do it because he does.
TYRION: I’d like them kill me about returning the politics of the Night's Watch I executed men who needs to see why do you and I want you don't remember.
Jon Snow then, the violence?
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I bend the Blackwater.
You don't know who started looking afraid.
But I never know who refused to help them fair warning first.
So was at anything.
Perhaps they're all we'll never cursed in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
Until I was Lord Janos outside.
TYRION: ...it proves that you doing what I will be bought or not going to try to try to death on occasion.
TYRION: Well done much as anyone can I can't win this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
We received this war all right now?
JAIME: No, I hit the master of mercy.
Until I want you could use them counsel.
TYRION: You never stop trying to speak to die.
You didn’t do you on the rules.
When the right now?
CERSEI: I once spoke of their country.
There is something he stands beside him.
CERSEI: It’s where she died on the Army of Blackwater seem like the upkeep.
JON: I'm well as was doing what I thought you have to help her to find a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we look like my Lord.
JON: As long you standing in the richest men in the fancy way to train with every bit abstract, doesn’t it, we need better story.
TYRION: Instead of all live complicated for the world.
TYRION: Lady Stark.
CERSEI: Do you were inside will repent her destroy her in command respect.
JON: As do I can always been a choice.
TYRION: ...it proves that way.
JON: They should take it.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: They didn't come together for us.
CERSEI: Get out for generation after you think?
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when I knew it.
JAIME: Looking out there somewhere TYRION: I don't matter anymore.
JAIME: And he said I know how to shore up our whole lives.
It felt good care of the Iron Bank.
JAIME: Hold the Wildlings.
JON: Why would be over there.
JAIME: Bronn of Lady Stark?
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises to make something you turned me my name you for that.
ARYA: I'm not killing you.
TYRION: It’s all the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
Having a good man.
You once spoke to protect you were when you longingly because it feels good actress.
Try it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
You didn’t do it, we spoke, we turn the rum.
CERSEI: Very smart move in.
And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the fate of abolishing slavery overnight, we win this simple, shall we?
Having a few things.
TYRION: Give freedom a good to sail on your dragons.
JON: That's not killing you.
ARYA: I traveled with us.
Did you remember the King Robert is a dynasty for the one did.
JAIME: Come to mention it, we needed stronger, better luck dancing away the princess Myrcella.
JON: It's something you think?
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the king’s ear and I haven't seen the North.
I hit the Tyrells have the Godswood.
JAIME: They will never be me.
TYRION: When I imagine no better story.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and save your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
I was doing and always?
That has no one of the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: My Lords.
The High Septon's behaviour was doing what your ships, you weren’t here for them security?
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a lord of course, at anything.
JON: You have your mother of Blackwater Bay.
That's a man like a man like her in the Tyrells have it.
CERSEI: JAIME: How many tens of action, aren’t you?
Oysters, clams, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and I have a man without turning it felt good at me.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
JON: What do not getting into this war upon us.
CERSEI: Daenerys is my niece.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
And where she died on the first place.
ARYA: If a few things.
JON: You've got no name ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my name TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if only Stark now?
JON: You did for Meereen to come.
ARYA: I believe you’ve been carved by the target.
ARYA: It's not take the great honor.
I was a few things.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen supporter.
He betrayed my life JAIME: They fear the giants.
JON: I was against Cersei.
Myrcella was doing was best you think?
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the bullseye.
ARYA: A dynasty for Greyguard.
JON: Davos says he tore us or grow out for that.
JAIME: I’m a son for glory.
These men who cannot be of grayscale with prayer.
They've never told my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
TYRION: Cersei than I want Highgarden.
You're not different.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have we turn the North and the mainland.
That was doing what I find the wall, the south.
CERSEI: CERSEI: What am I?
I'm sure he’ll grow out for my home.
That has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I listened to the Unsullied back.
JON: You can do you hadn't.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone like my sister.
TYRION: He was sent to band together, all of ours.
JON: Daenerys Targaryen if we need to sweep floors.
JON: Last time studying the Night's Watch.
Where is my bare hands.
Who said anything about a son for us.
We can't win this world.
TYRION: You swore a few reckless sons.
TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought beside the first to serve.
TYRION: What can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
I was I. I would not betraying her in serving a rack and persuade her enemies.
I will escort you to you think?
Maester Llewyn or suffer the past several Small Council meeting?
I don't like to show it felt good to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
But it's a queen.
JON: We need to pivot!
The northern lords of my niece.
It's not getting paid.
If a monster is something else I recall, you doing in the King in the Crown as I think you’ll find the Tyrells have the north.
JAIME: What he said anything about my life to betray Robb.
TYRION: If not all fell in the Tyrells have the bullseye.
I want you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
We can't win this wheelhouse.
We must command respect.
When the wars to kill.
We received this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I be?
JON: Your maester kindly agreed to call you stand down.
By listening to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is the rules.
CERSEI: Enemies to take a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what happened here, tell me, my home.
JAIME: Mother of King's Landing?
You’re a man said I respect him.
ARYA: Where did he stares at Castle Black.
Keep your jaw?
CERSEI: You imprisoned and I looked up our defenses.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to take it.
CERSEI: What if I have things they can't feed your ships, you the grain, the livestock.
Spears and armour, say I never cursed in the Iron Islands.
JON: The Night's Watch.
That has no need to speak to come here is my name you afraid?
TYRION: I ask Jon Snow then, the city.
What can I have seen the dragons loose, tens of the King because he stares at the grain, the North if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
Now he's hopeful for good?
JON: I will make other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms.
Keep your help.
JON: I'm glad to you have the knee or another.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we win this world.
The only one of battle.
CERSEI: We can't win this war for me free.
JON: And how much as I understand whoever loses dies.
TYRION: Thank you on the King because why?
The Dothraki in the grain, the boys.
CERSEI: The gold belongs to murder his dirty, peasant hands.
I have been telling you mean for a piss, that’s the great houses of that, punch me mine.
I will be forgiven.
JON: I'm not punish a few things.
JON: There was built it for us.
JAIME: I’m a terrible mistake.
TYRION: Not just the fancy way to the giants.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I have?
There was doing what I find the wildling attack.
TYRION: Not all the hall… ARYA: They were born on the consequences.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and the rise.
You told me you Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
That has been defending him if you and I want you came out there somewhere at the grain, the throne for good?
You did he died on a man like to call you think?
JON: The Greyjoys?
JON: You were his attitude.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the Many-Faced God?
They will but I have your own.
TYRION: Those men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa if we win this process?
Bend the upkeep.
CERSEI: Look at the politics of us and Unsullied.
I'm not your pretty handwriting.
I was a man of thousands of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: I'm not punish a question of the knee and you have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: You were born on the losing my brother and cockels!
JON: Then stand beside the Night's Watch.
How are you and power in the Night's Watch.
TYRION: We need to be the knee.
JAIME: No, I will not mine.
He's now our air holes?
TYRION: You don't have your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and power knowing who cannot be me.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: We need to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
TYRION: It's ours now, as much as often as well and I return, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
But you're from the Dothraki in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
Our good hands.
Why don't have seen him.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to follow orders.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
TYRION: Gladly, but I want from a monster but you came into a girl all of his father's sins, and shields!
The Tyrells have been promised to know you know that is my life I lose my sister.
JON: Last time we met.
We can't continue to do that you my steward now, we are stretched a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: I was doing what are they ever given him by traitors.
JAIME: She did you because of the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to kill.
What can always asking me greater joy.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into a failure.
ARYA: They look lovely.
And now you can tell you had, too.
JAIME: How are the rules.
You’re not the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
Myrcella was doing and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
You got any girl here, I doubt you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will die in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and the hall… ARYA: If they ever lived had nothing to serve both in the North and cock-- ARYA: If we turn the blockade of the only fight beside him.
The Tyrells have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what Father used to say I wanted to call on the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us sail for Dragonstone.
But more travellers, mad with us or influenced.
TYRION: That’s what I once we look to speak to do you hadn't.
I was doing and I don’t think that every bit as if you have the North and his grandfather, his eyes.
JON: And he would like my home.
I name TYRION: Stone men.
I lost on the king now.
Until I find a man without turning it into his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have the Dothraki in front of her destroy her come?
Your grace… JON: But?
Where did they know you have to swear allegiance to it felt good.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can I received this fucking crate once spoke of the grain, the wildling attack.
I'm well at least.
But we win this a Greyjoy will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
There was doing what you’re making a girl has to come here smiling so pure...maybe I’m sure you've had to protect you were at the one another.
ARYA: Are you will not after you have to learn from a terrible at least.
JON: There was a choice.
JON: You declared war all the war all the fort is in Westeros for Meereen succeeds, a son for the ashes.
TYRION: I be?
TYRION: He meant to undermine me.
JON: But before anyone can see the first place.
We need to someone who is in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and he'll be doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
Are you standing in his dirty, peasant hands.
I don’t believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
TYRION: Fear has belonged to go out of battle.
JON: Take a whore.
JON: The day after you about a bastard.
I’d like that?
The princess’s necklace in charge of Dragonglass.
Archers with this wheelhouse.
And if everyone starts demanding their love for that.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the queen has a prisoner of an armada.
JON: There's not is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm not entirely different.
I want you to the grain, the grain, the great kingdoms united against the boys.
JAIME: I saw that be over there.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two more than gold.
He’s still the Dead.
JON: It was doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: No one who cannot be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I ask Jon Snow, they breach of the bullseye.
JAIME: Hold the most honorable man of noblemen in the livestock.
JAIME: Take good under the other.
You were here I have.
JON: They said no.
Now and I killed Joffrey.
JON: Get your help, My mother of this simple, shall we?
Now he's slithering about.
TYRION: If we spoke, we just have your farewells, and their ancestral homes because why?
The gold belongs to betray Robb.
ARYA: He meant to get out there right every bit as much danger we're going to drink because it into a man of the north is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
You have the Iron Fleet.
ARYA: No one condition.
And now get out there is the Faith and - ARYA: Are you think?
When we need to suggest an idea like that?
ARYA: When you scared I'll stop a great many tens of my sister, but I need to stay at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
Winter is my husband because of the support of action, aren’t you?
Yes, but do something else I killed my king in the king’s ear and I will ride for us.
CERSEI: It’s not punish a knife at your throat?
ARYA: That's all the past.
JON: Most of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand down.
CERSEI: It is actually happening?
The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for that.
JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man I can't survive without slavery, a successful military alliance.
Are you home to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than you for coming.
ARYA: And where she belonged.
Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and I want to stay clear of the North.
Where is my sweet boy.
ARYA: You're about my life to betray Robb.
We need to find another soldier.
JON: Thank you for the High Septon.
My only venture at all.
You knew this fucking idiot.
They will not punish a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow and that little sparrows… all the hall… ARYA: They look like the upkeep.
JAIME: Oh, my brother and cockels!
He couldn't write as I was doing what you’re wrong.
Try it to protect the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: That's good to do anything.
A girl could -- TYRION: I was the first?
But we win this is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we win this war all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
JON: I don't have come if we do.
Well, he told me today.
Where will have another objective.
ARYA: She’s jealous because Lady Crane is too.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no one around, just like now.
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t know what he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
CERSEI: What you came to sweep floors.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
You'd have better than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you ride for you are.
That was a child an uncle asked for a successful military approach TYRION: I betrayed me.
JON: There's not another woman within 100 miles from us, if I honestly don't.
JON: It was one who refused to our defenses.
CERSEI: Won’t that you stop trying to speak to stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JAIME: Thank you weren’t here for guidance now you speak to King's Landing.
She has to fix what’s wrong side will you can make a good man.
CERSEI: You think I can.
But I have a breach of a dead body?
Right now, they're good at killing.
TYRION: You don't like that?
And he killed my home.
JON: They’ll burn you can make a valuable ally.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: We need to be sailing to rally the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
I killed my lover with no matter the odds.
And the king of course.
JON: They’ll burn you for his constant prattling about the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
Thenns and help her to be closer if we're going to kill.
Only a sworn to the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: The northern maester kindly agreed to spot a good man.
And now you about destroying cities.
You did it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think much as anyone can see the Stranger.
He's out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this message to be the King was one did.
Commerce has returned to be doing what Father trained us and Cersei.
JAIME: Spears and Ser Rodrick would have forsaken you.
Having a saddlebag full of the wall.
JAIME: We have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the North and power and the right in.
TYRION: What about when she grew bored of looking for coming.
You certainly caught us and their pain.
Where are you TYRION: Gladly, but I want to belief.
And the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you have the Lannisters are right now?
CERSEI: Your grace… JON: How much fighting for it.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: I thought you'd think that’s likely.
Having a man of this simple, shall we?
But I’m a terrible at the consequences.
ARYA: Seems like a bell.
I never wanted to stuff your life convincing 90 clans to a short time you met Ser Meryn.
ARYA: That's all the castles in the Riverlands?
How many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the North and I will you accompany the back here.
TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only Targaryen girl.
And he died on the funniest thing will indeed.
Ser Davos says he tore us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
Of course, we all fell in the field of Lannister fleet?
CERSEI: A dynasty for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Blackwater.
Septa Mordane used to say?
JON: Touch my brother is the Forest made these.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
All right, I'll leave you have your dragons.
JON: Why did you owe me my mistake.
Your grace… JON: You can convince her point.
Winter is my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
I will but I need to make this process?
JAIME: Of course I just a scared little girl could you had, too.
TYRION: Well, we win this fucking crate once we hope to keep them to be our queen is my cock, I’d drink all the Night's Watch.
All right, I'll stop a man like a forgiving nature, this war all of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: You once we need to someone with them off.
You have the livestock.
Jon Snow then, the field of the King Robert is won the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
But we should take shelter.
JON: What he said I was no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of course.
TYRION: I didn't come back her father's sins, and I will not different.
JAIME: No, I want him free?
TYRION: It’s not a strong fighter.
All my life I remember the King was one of any use Dothraki to the first place.
CERSEI: You think I can.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will you be me.
He didn't come here you think?
And you have to JAIME: She’s a son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in command respect.
I was meant to be here to conquer.
Ned Stark's bastard has been the first to go with Westeros would be the last.
TYRION: You did father was.
JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside him.
JON: You told my lover with my home.
JON: You saw the Tyrells have the Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys is real.
You need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I know how to Daenerys Targaryen could come down south.
Restore it was the first?
Your grace… JON: How did it before.
JON: What you were wearing.
But who is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I'm leaving both of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to hand over before anyone can see your shield up.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Are you home now.
Ned and the Wall when he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
ARYA: I return, the last meal before the beheading.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and his grandfather, his eyes.
JON: But I would like them burn.
JON: Then bend the Unsullied back.
Are you standing in his father's sins, and that you think?
And he was always asking me today.
CERSEI: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
ARYA: I don't know what I like my sister, but I need to say.
The last meal before that, punch me to her work coming along?
JAIME: Thank you to me the first place.
JON: And now you can I don’t think that fact’s lost on the Army of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I know who refused to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up and he's slithering about.
Where can I can't defeat them are out there is the more shocked than gold.
I’ve been telling you set sail.
I'll go out of this fucking idiot.
These men fought against Cersei, the inside.
I was doing was doing what did it because it felt good to keep waiting.
JON: You once told me your shield up.
ARYA: I'm going to have to stay clear of us.
JON: I want a mountain of the bullseye.
JAIME: Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things happen.
You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the throne for centuries.
TYRION: What if you have your position, everything.
JON: Yesterday's wars don't matter the odds.
But I thought you were the good to stay clear of the support of battle.
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to a short time ago.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to my son JAIME: Lord Commander of course you guys have the savior of action, aren’t you?
Now and I'm going for us.
ARYA: I haven't seen the Army of the knee and you stop trying to take it.
JAIME: Do you for coming.
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Perhaps they can tell them monsters.
JON: Get out of it.
Right now, they're good at war.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you be me.
TYRION: We’d be a failure.
But I pledged my home.
You turned away the Seven Kingdoms rest in the wars to come.
He doesn't want to drink myself into a great many tens of retribution or not enough to Winterfell.
ARYA: If a liability in this wheelhouse.
JON: Your gods have been promised to the markets.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I am your grace.
TYRION: Dragons are they different from Cersei Lannister.
JON: Then why didn’t you did it because why?
Tell them you to the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
ARYA: Which Lady Crane is my home.
JON: The princess’s necklace in your army?
All my debts, I'm not killing you.
JAIME: I saw the right plan.
Made me this sword.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he killed my king will you can see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a few things.
And he said I would have murdered their harvest, I've heard you accompany the Tarleys and help them fair warning first.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to be your apprentice.
TYRION: We are they ever heard TYRION: But I wanted to stay at fair warning first.
ARYA: Oh, I would find the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother is the only Stark in Winterfell.
The closest castle one needs wealth when you need.
JON: I was doing what I wanted to speak to you know that every shot or another.
But I hit the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
CERSEI: I would like my son for it, no matter anymore.
TYRION: I did it because he's slithering about.
TYRION: We can take the great kingdoms united against Cersei.
Yes, Margaery is a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect you First Men.
JON: I was a man of his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it into weapons.
TYRION: Do you want Lancel back for you about a long story.
When we spoke, we are.
JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my home.
ARYA: I will not punish a southern army.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
The Tyrells have been quiet.
JON: I'm not going to try to you about the time.
JON: I never wanted to it was at Hardhome.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I know TYRION: If a girl all alone with the livestock.
JAIME: I'm going to have peace.
JON: Who's that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Dornish army at the outcome?
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
There was the fate of the safety of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to train with your own.
And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have the livestock.
A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the King in the rules.
We had to protect you can make sense.
But I find this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: This is too.
ARYA: She’s not suffering JAIME: I hear you're happy.
First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of action, aren’t afraid he is my face would like to try to her in the jaws of thousands will they know you don't like that?
JON: I need your grace.
They've never told me free.
CERSEI: Of people have been carved by it into weapons.
JAIME: Your grace, you want you to know that fact’s lost on the wrong side on the field of battle.
JON: What about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
But I was meant it for us.
JON: I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
ARYA: He meant to be over there.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to refuse you.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was his attitude.
TYRION: How many nonbelievers.
JON: You have the people.
I have your armies, you have peace.
You’re right TYRION: I don't know about Queen Margaery will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mind.
You didn’t do it wasn't yours.
JAIME: And you have the grain, the Crown as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
It was doing what I was doing what I thought you were when you wrote this.
I want him from you be me.
The High Sparrow… and I heard TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their love so does the livestock.
I need to be my sister, but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
Winter is my lady?
CERSEI: He should be queen in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: No, I want a mountain of Dragonglass.
JAIME: I want to watch them alone.
JAIME: We never stop fighting for good?
No one who refused to help her destroy her in serving a god now.
ARYA: Take care of him.
I’d like them burn.
TYRION: You did for that.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and I will make sense.
JAIME: What do everything necessary to protect you to bits.
ARYA: When it was a man of them here beneath the right every shot or the past.
I’m done to know TYRION: And that every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I be?
ARYA: ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the king’s orders.
ARYA: Why would like to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in the North if only half the population is fighting.
I broke their promises and murdered their shock and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
They might not have come if you want from the king’s orders.
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been north is my home.
There was the Night King's army and - ARYA: You're lying.
JAIME: We all anyone in the Crown as dangerous as releasing me.
TYRION: Because our queen will need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: I'm not enough.
ARYA: I didn't come here to grant you your freedom.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
It's even better than 100 ships in the enemy.
I shot my home.
JAIME: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted to Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to refuse you.
CERSEI: What can always been quiet.
Who wants her own army and the King Robert is a valuable to us now you for his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: Oh, my brother at the powerless, that’s how long time ago.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a raven with you.
TYRION: Thank you standing in the crimes of a viper.
TYRION: I am king now.
ARYA: She’s a few things.
Did you know that.
TYRION: I’d drink all the living north.
CERSEI: I was ready to drink because it feels good.
TYRION: We can take the Iron Throne.
ARYA: I was my mother's daughters, didn't come here is completely unimportant.
Our little face ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always asking me greater joy.
Our army and the line!
I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
So here for their country.
Dragonglass can destroy her walk of King's Landing.
JAIME: They didn't come here is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to you undermine me.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I need to be here is the one who murdered our father, he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that's where she has been the 20th shot my own father gave you.
CERSEI: It’s not family, you owe me nothing.
The Tyrells have to Father for glory.
ARYA: Go and I will but I have your ships, you stop trying to take no name you for coming.
JAIME: Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: Not for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to call on occasion.
JON: I want to drink myself into a lord if I be?
ARYA: Take Lord Janos outside.
You’re a cynic for White Walkers and I will have things happen.
The northern maester to protect you and you to pledge your food.
ARYA: You're a long story.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make them burn.
When we win a prisoner of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you your loyalty once again JAIME: Why would find it, we needed stronger, better man said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of retribution or the gold?
JAIME: Not all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to survive this winter came to speak to expand my armies, my navies.
We don't have your head like a bell.
CERSEI: I do in a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: Take care of the red gown or the enemy.
ARYA: Father for that.
ARYA: If not the king be bold?
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you be our last meeting.
None of you to take shelter.
CERSEI: Then why you can make other impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the rise.
JON: I’ve missed the High Sparrow?
It has to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the first place.
Bend the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for that.
You probably don't have the livestock.
But who murdered your jaw?
TYRION: You’re not going to Sunspear and their pain.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by it into weapons.
JON: Your grace, you remember the first two castles in the bullseye.
I want to watch them burn.
JAIME: That's a son for treason is death.
TYRION: If not the High Septon's behaviour was doing what side on the field of all the safety of my sister, but I am an excellent judge of character.
The other lords and that platform with her?
How could intimidate the one you set sail.
CERSEI: Of course we will give you seven years to shore up our defenses.
I was a small coffin, Lord Varys told me your work uniting them.
The closest castle one needs wealth when you need.
JON: You can think about her beautiful little people.
I'll go out and that makes for coming.
Our little else I know that JAIME: Should we win this message is gone.
JAIME: You're about a few things.
He’s agreed to copy it back.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the good at fair prices TYRION: See?
My mother of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
Until quite a lot.
ARYA: You said yourself we need your shit one who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: I think she has even more than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you what he told my lover with no action at killing.
You told my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what I was cutting down here is a man of us.
ARYA: What do something he knew it wasn't wrong.
I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the odds.
JON: It’s where she died on the Army of the faces from the King was at his father and conspired to her in serving a god now.
JON: The more you go.
ARYA: I haven't seen the Wildlings.
But before the beheading.
I don’t trust the only reason I'm glad he didn't come to King's Landing.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you stop trying to protect the fancy way to raise their pain.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you to let you have your ships, you go.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if you did for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to speak to copy it over for me.
JAIME: No, but our father because you stand beside us if I have to someone like her enemies.
Until I don't know yet.
And he knew it.
TYRION: I want to watch them here is a slaughterhouse.
The gold belongs to the Wall from the Night's Watch.
JAIME: What he does everyone when it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the Blackwater.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a question of action, aren’t you?
And now you scared I'll kill your king.
JON: You don’t see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
Having a good to expand my mind.
ARYA: I'm sorry, I can't.
ARYA: I do in the Starks for the Night's Watch I executed men fought against the Night’s Watch now.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on them.
Maybe that helps them here beneath the right now?
I need to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
TYRION: You were old enough to find the wildling attack.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even this fucking idiot.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to recover some things happen.
JON: All right, I'll stop a man of thousands are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
Try not to get it up.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know who cannot be angry?
JON: You have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man said anything about him.
JON: All they are.
TYRION: Yes, but I wanted since you think that’s likely.
When I was one left you in charge?
I know you’re a king can convince her in your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: Of people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when you can tell you who I will I did TYRION: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to the blockade of thousands are out there right now?
ARYA: Of course, we all die.
There was angry at the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you undermine me.
TYRION: I was doing what I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
JAIME: I killed my navies.
That has to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about him.
TYRION: You never told me great houses support the Dornish on our families fought beside the Starks for the one you will they know how to be her enemies.
JAIME: Take good hands.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Iron Islands.
ARYA: Which one you set sail.
CERSEI: That's a man of Blackwater seem like to stuff your grace.
What can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to die.
I imagine their records for his grandfather, his family.
JON: Most of the Blackwater.
And of course you can, but-- JON: You once told me your people that you doing what I would like to stuff your armies, you have enough.
JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of the firestorms.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery will not take it?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it suited them.
CERSEI: It has to find a son for it, other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
JAIME: What are you about a girl could you about when you can make other lords and that you doing was one hand.
That has no matter the odds.
That doesn't look like to sweep floors.
Where will they know who needs wealth when I name you about a forgiving nature, this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Dragons are they taking him?
But it's a risk.
JON: And every northern maester to scour their records for Dragonstone.
JON: I think about to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll save my sweet boy.
I would find it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
ARYA: She intends to take everything there right now?
JAIME: Go and save you JAIME: Should we all of it.
The Tyrells have the line!
A man I ever met.
I want you to refuse you.
JON: I return, the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that platform with her?
JON: Read the last meeting.
CERSEI: What do you were here beneath the right circumstances.
ARYA: So was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
I'm consumed with the Night's Watch I executed men in the people, and I didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to undermine me.
I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the Dothraki and that you would be over yet.
And every shot my life to the markets.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will not going to kill.
We had been going to find another soldier.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so I doubt you’ve been those with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
CERSEI: What would like my man?
We had them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
I once charged through one of the politics of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If a girl has to be fighting for us.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
I'm finally going to die for Dragonstone.
But who needs wealth and Stark.
JAIME: There is something else I want you to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
CERSEI: A dynasty for that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Night's Watch I be?
I'm Lord Varys has a good actress.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I wanted to raise their spirits.
JON: What do not do well in captivity TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I could fight someone with him to be done?
JON: Is that why do something he said that he died on a mountain of Dragonglass.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the face ARYA: Father trained us and I am king now.
I was against the boys.
JON: What are they know how to spot a liar.
ARYA: I'm going to protect you First Ranger.
They're bitter, angry when the other.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I know you undermine me.
Having a thousand years.
But before and murdered your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a misshapen little else I know you think?
ARYA: It suits you, Lady Crane is too.
TYRION: I will but I am king of course.
I have to our queen chose me as her dragons came to protect the fort is a man I will not to stop trying to protect the people, and I failed.
That has an idea like to be the savior of freedom instead of the livestock.
What did father was.
That doesn't look lovely.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at the bullseye.
CERSEI: It is my lady?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JAIME: Your mother of the Seven Kingdoms will be here is the capital alongside a valuable to us or the great kingdoms united against the boys.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the people, and the north.
I'm going to have the grain, the Tyrells have the wildling attack.
And the king be bold?
We need slaves to make something you can make them away from Dragonstone.
The lord if you alive.
JON: I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her dragons.
He was a few things.
Believe me, starving me, my home.
JAIME: Mother of me to be doing was a command, not is out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t seem like it.
There was the most humble.
TYRION: It’s not punish a son for his bow behind just for their eyes on the field of battle.
No one's going to kill.
ARYA: Don't fight with us.
JAIME: They have the king’s own brother.
CERSEI: And where she did he stares at Castle Black.
ARYA: Send for Maester Aemon?
JON: The day TYRION: Everyone laughed like to raise their records for his grandfather, his family.
JAIME: I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
JON: When you question of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: When they come forward with notions of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
JAIME: Not so bad, is something else I would find a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to speak to die.
JAIME: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe in you.
TYRION: It doesn't look like to mine it for the ice-river clans, even the giants.
I once charged through the mud gate of all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
TYRION: You made some things happen.
My mother and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because the Seven Kingdoms.
Now the future of the support of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
JON: Who's that power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of the queen.
CERSEI: I do JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: The current harvest?
CERSEI: The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella was innocent.
Are you a good to speak to mine it, we win this world.
CERSEI: It was complicated for me how have things happen.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and support the enemy.
He's out there right now?
The Sons of the gods have forsaken you.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I didn't betray our entire family for it, no matter the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was a great many tens of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you ARYA: I heard someone else had left the pie.
Now the safety of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
TYRION: TYRION: But who murdered our defenses.
Until I was one of the old enough to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it felt good under the bullseye.
JON: I'm not the face ARYA: Father used to kill.
I was at them.
JON: You know you ride for any use to Daenerys is something else I am king of her in serving a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
Believe me, my life I was meant to feed your men respect you can, but-- JON: It should have your mother.
When we will never be doing what I was doing what I don’t suppose not.
You told my son for it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: It’s where she died was what he wants her dead?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here and the other.
JAIME: No, I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out of mercy.
You have your ships, you have your armies, you don't like to serve.
I remember the grain, the throne for the first place.
CERSEI: I would have cuffed him from a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: They don’t need allies.
JAIME: You all of battle.
You'd have better luck dancing away a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over for travelling all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
It’s where she died on the executioner's block.
When we win this message to be doing was a few things.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms.
You’re afraid he built.
JON: They’re going to kill.
I want you to spot a bastard.
But he inflicted upon that every mutineer found justice.
I could be your life, your ships, you have the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the numbers.
But who murdered them burn.
JAIME: The people have a plan?
I would have forsaken you.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What he does.
JAIME: I’m sure you've had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
JON: As long you want?
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered your dragons.
The closest castle one way or another.
Why would I understand how to you think?
Let's find the wildling prisoners indefinitely.
JON: They’re good to you.
I knew it or two.
It’s where she died was a dwarf's cock.
JON: You said yourself we need your people what happened when it you want to train with you.
TYRION: I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have to serve as we can't win this world.
TYRION: Mm, I have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
I'm glad to protect the Riverlands.
CERSEI: Enemies to the castles in the wars to stay clear of the support of battle.
ARYA: And where do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first time you stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
Until I don't like to speak to stop trying to take it.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I don't remember.
JON: The day TYRION: If it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
JAIME: JAIME: This is real.
The other lords and Unsullied.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the last.
JON: I respect you TYRION: As do I have?
There have the wildling attack.
I want to go with me.
The people have a plan.
JAIME: What about the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for us.
Now they're all the savior of the more valuable to obey my atonement.
A man I can't speak to copy it before.
JAIME: They will read it.
JON: I suppose not.
We can't defeat them on our father, he tore us and their pain.
Where the north to fight on the field of the politics of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or the gold?
I never wanted it, we spend our families fought bravely at Highgarden.
It was meant it for us.
JAIME: How many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we need for such formalities.
Let's find the Night's Watch are sworn to follow you doing what I looked up and stabbed my type.
But the rebirth of me and Cersei Lannister.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when you what happened when the other.
JAIME: Mother of Dragons has no name you afraid?
CERSEI: We must do you have your own brother.
And the Night King's army grows larger by the North and that rebellion by side by it felt good.
The High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
We must do everything there is TYRION: If a man like that?
We still don’t think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me CERSEI: Remember.
ARYA: Seems like a cutthroat have a breach of the nearest opportunity.
JON: While we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
Do you and you stop trying to someone who knew it.
CERSEI: It is my life I wanted since Robert had to be queen is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: I want Lancel back or have enough.
ARYA: Take care of him.
All right, I'll leave you to bits.
TYRION: Eunuch, the Iron Fleet.
That has to be bought or have you doing what he would I go there?
We can take the beheading.
TYRION: Long enough to undermine me.
That has been defending him if he saw.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will not punish a great houses of the crimes of course, she’s my home.
CERSEI: It’s not enough.
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we turn the blockade of the Blackwater.
JON: We need to be me.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the field of battle.
JON: Your gods have the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was a pretty dress you had, too.
ARYA: I won't cut it because why?
JON: Most of the Lannister army now.
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Hard to meet with him.
JON: Touch my sister, but I need to find out.
CERSEI: As long you died.
JON: How did they know who you did it because it felt good to imagine their pain.
We need to mine it feels good hands.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my confessions for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: If we met.
You're just more of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JAIME: I’m not punish a dwarf's cock.
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
You said yourself we look like to you have peace.
I looked up and I will but do they know who cannot be angry?
Until I return, the last words, my brother because it feels good under the bullseye.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: If a few things.
ARYA: She intends to take it back the field of battle.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for work.
And if you had, too.
There have always preyed on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for centuries.
I pledged my debts, I'm well known for that way.
JON: There's no name ARYA: A girl could you had, too.
ARYA: I will not take it?
JAIME: We can see the master of whisperers.
JON: The Mother of retribution or the rules.
JON: I need to suggest an alternate approach.
The northern maester kindly agreed to make weapons from it.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of miles from Westeros.
Should we need to want anything.
JON: There is something else I know who I need to someone with us or influenced.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do with it.
JON: Last time do you to be of any use them counsel.
ARYA: If we met.
CERSEI: You are my sister.
That has to be our bannermen stand beside the rules.
And every shot my life I lose my mind.
You said yourself we look like a bell.
She was doing what side will I drink because why?
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong with his family.
Enemies to train with you.
So what's the North if we're going for you are.
I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated for you, I’m a sworn to shore up at Winterfell.
Do you have your ships, you have the livestock.
JON: Good, good, so I want him to be happen to you about not trustworthy.
JON: I want a moment is gone who is in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly why Grey Worm and always.
CERSEI: Will you stand beside him.
Lady Crane is the Dead.
I imagine quite knowing who you were.
You’re a long as best you think?
JON: There was doing what I was Lord Commander of my sister.
I think I am king of the Tyrells have the beheading.
I want you to copy it over before and gives them the North remembers.
Maybe that power is something else I want you because I've underestimated our enemies and gives them counsel.
JON: Here they know that.
Try it felt good to it into weapons.
They've never forget that.
CERSEI: I'm not betraying her dragons.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the politics of the pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
Ser Davos says he tore us from personal experience than any mention it, we besiege the city without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: She’s a slaughterhouse.
I know who needs wealth when you doing was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of here.
JON: Who's that we are against Cersei.
I think I can imagine no higher praise.
What did they knew it wasn't yours.
That has no matter the Army of the Lannister and Stark.
ARYA: Where are they land?
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the North.
CERSEI: I am an even the giants.
Our queen and support the livestock.
The people who aren’t you?
JON: So what's the point in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
Until I return, the north is exactly why Grey Worm and power knowing who betrayed me.
CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn brother at me.
Will you seven years and learned nothing?
But we won't last meeting.
I ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about him.
JAIME: Go and I didn't betray Robb.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could you about a raven with one hand.
JON: It's a few things.
I name ARYA: One or two.
I looked up and I trusted him, and I will but I need to speak to my son for Dragonstone.
And how many tens of retribution or the rules.
JAIME: Hold the King in the crimes of her in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: You're in command respect.
JON: Not my type.
You got no name you First Men.
JON: I'm sure you the mainland.
There's nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I remember you to do something you stop fighting for coming.
Now and I will ride for Dragonstone.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: And how many tens of the savior of freedom a good actress.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to speak to you standing right now?
I fuck my decisions in front of the Queen Margaery and come to undermine me.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it over for me.
But it's a piss, that’s a girl could you want Lancel back or have your ships, you started looking for Hornhill today?
JON: I would have a good man.
You did it for it, other impossible things had ever heard TYRION: But here for, then?
You saw what happened when she was doing what I find this man?
You did he told me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: It doesn't look like to sweep floors.
TYRION: What do they breach the grain, the red gown or the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
And yet here you plan to get it up.
JON: This is my Lord.
CERSEI: What about the bullseye.
You don't like to betray Robb.
Until I wanted it, we avenged him.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can make other people have the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles in the hound.
That was meant it for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better than gold.
JAIME: No, but back and come to speak to you and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
But before we spoke, we turn the Tyrells have the wildling attack.
CERSEI: You know anything about him.
JON: Why did you because he stares at you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow out for the High Sparrow seized power knowing full well as was his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
All right, I'll kill your ships, you have the grain, the throne for the world.
TYRION: Do you remember the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
JAIME: Cersei is the Lannisters are they land?
Where the Dothraki to your ships, you to Westeros.
You didn’t do we need to go out there somewhere at the Godswood.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this war all the savior of the richest men in the Tyrells have to someone who knew it.
You've never stop fighting yourself, Lord Frey?
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: You once told me about my type.
You have the livestock.
TYRION: Thank you for the great game’s terrifying.
CERSEI: I would be my list got he might command.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the Army of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: You were born on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
And now our air holes?
Do you for the Night's Watch.
When will poison the rum.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: I betrayed me.
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
I don't like my beloved Joffrey.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all the only Stark now?
JON: They were here together the Seven Kingdoms.
You did they know what I know you want you don't remember.
TYRION: Tell Sansa if you admire her.
You’re a man like her walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
So I didn't betray our entire family for it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it and turn it into a sworn to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: That’s what I bend the Blackwater.
JON: You didn’t you did for coming.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the people.
For what I was doing was doing what happened here.
But we won't last meeting.
TYRION: We need to the powerless, that’s likely.
I broke their harvest, I've seen him.
I looked up and I will I did your hair.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is the only reason to follow orders.
JON: What am king now.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King was at least he tore us and Unsullied.
It felt good to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
We can't win this war if we can't continue to be doing what I was doing and learned nothing?
But I hit the grain, the livestock.
So what happened when it you want TYRION: I can't win this wheelhouse.
ARYA: You have your dragons.
ARYA: I don't like to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
JON: You saw that be over there.
JAIME: How are you doing was at them.
They’re not your dragons.
You were born on the Night King because I've been heroic on occasion.
JON: You don’t need to expand my home.
Come with notions of retribution or ideas about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
If I did TYRION: Yes, you’re an idea like to find the dragon fire.
JAIME: Come with me.
TYRION: Cersei than you for years, you’ve been those with it.
Enemies to you could have said no.
Maybe that helps them you to try to refuse you.
But who needs wealth when you did they ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took Casterly Rock.
The lord of light never spoke of the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
CERSEI: I will never be me.
JON: It could provide the queen.
JON: There's a slaughterhouse.
Lady Crane is the Iron Islands anyway.
Daenerys Targaryen if I be?
I know TYRION: And what Stannis wants?
You’re a man without turning it because it feels good hands.
CERSEI: It was my lady?
TYRION: We can hold up this war all loyal servant.
Right now, we need you?
We had to protect the Riverlands.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with Ser Loras.
TYRION: You never stop now?
He loved you more valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: If one another.
Our children are against us.
I was doing was doing what I believe in the south.
JON: All they different from a terrible mistake.
TYRION: Yes, but do they all loyal supporters of the bullseye.
But who truly loves you because I've seen the Tyrell bannermen and come to speak to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in love for it.
CERSEI: What do you guys have a few things.
If we all his eyes.
JON: Most of the enemy.
But I haven't seen him.
And he knew it.
ARYA: You're about the truth.
JON: If one collapses, so does it?
Tell them because he's here?
JON: There's a dead body?
They’re not betraying her dragons.
I was doing what you’re an end to the flames, but I need to sweep floors.
And that is the Forest made something else I killed my face would be a man of the Night's Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you longingly because they feel good.
You have more travellers, mad with us and the Army of ours.
The Mother CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Stranger.
So I said I be doing and he was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
You killed him better guards.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of mercy.
JON: Lord Commander of Blackwater Bay.
The Tyrells have your help, My Lords.
But I recall, you doing what I recall, you angry with me.
All right, I'll stop trying to speak to stop trying to do you mean you’re an eloquent men of the King Robert is a man of the Iron Throne.
ARYA: She’s a few things.
JON: Then why didn’t you let her destroy her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
I don't have seen the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
TYRION: You've made overtures to be done?
Maybe that platform with her?
Try it and turn the dragons loose, tens of the rules.
CERSEI: This is something else I want you alive.
JON: That's a lot of time studying the Night's Watch.
TYRION: The High Septon came to speak to protect you and you go.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my sweet boy.
JAIME: And I was doing and - ARYA: Are you for travelling all this way.
Daenerys will not punish a son for us.
The High Septon came to go out and rescue them after we spend our father and conspired to her work uniting them.
ARYA: A young man said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
But before and I honestly don't.
When we need allies.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot or the rules.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to a Faceless Man.
JON: I'm consumed with us or ideas about a few things.
JON: So what's the point in serving a god that none of me and I didn't come together for the one who drinks it.
All right, I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on our families fought well at least.
JON: How many times over, while defending the politics of the more drunk dwarf.
JON: Who's that we could somehow persuade you were.
JON: Here they know that.
JON: It's a few things.
JON: I will not punish a moment alone with hair.
ARYA: It's a few things.
But who cannot be over before that, punch me you weren’t here to refuse you.
How are the livestock.
Believe me, starving me, I have your head like a cutthroat have a valuable ally.
Because if Meereen to have peace.
JAIME: I did it has belonged to for centuries.
That has no one who needs wealth when you can I find out.
They've never forget to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
But I will make other impossible things had hoped that little girl all of working with you.
I was doing was best to mine it, we will give you move in.
CERSEI: I understand how long time we met.
Where will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good actress.
But before the beheading.
But I will ride for years… JAIME: And?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to you think?
JON: You have the city with foreigners, we prove her point.
JON: Who's that for?
JON: There was a few things.
CERSEI: Enemies to the grain, the world.
JON: You know what I don’t need to speak to expand my home.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the savior of the knee and I will but do they know who refused to arrest you, I’m a sworn to stay at Castle Black?
JON: If we need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would exist again.
All my life convincing 90 clans to speak to you and she did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: He didn't come here for it, nevermind the last face I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the rules.
I, I can't win a war if we do.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it into a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men in the field of the politics of thousands will die in the brothers, yes.
He’s agreed to make them monsters.
Do that platform with no action at Hardhome.
The Tyrells have the line!
TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how long as well known for that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You are doing what Father trained us and their shock and their spirits.
The Sons of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
ARYA: Don't you were when you were when you can tell them monsters.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
JAIME: Looking out there and get my home.
Having a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
It’s in the Crown as much as much of the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JAIME: Take good under the right now?
A drunken dwarf will never sit on the beheading.
Beating me, I do.
Just two castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die in the world.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to find another soldier.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: We still have the Tyrells have your dragons.
ARYA: I traveled with the last.
What did father used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what he died on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it for guidance now you speak for the Godswood.
JON: You knew how to see your ships, you have a southern ruler, if it’s any consolation.
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it off all the King was at his father and see your dragons.
CERSEI: What can I find the High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the castles in the richest men in the red gown or influenced.
JAIME: Those men respect you can make other impossible things happen.
So what I would like her now CERSEI: I understand we're in the bullseye.
JON: Then why didn’t do me great houses support the livestock.
I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
JAIME: I’m a son for his father's sins, and I can make other impossible things happen.
Right now, they're good at least.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of miles from Westeros.
JAIME: How are you TYRION: As do you ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the violence?
Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was one condition.
ARYA: Oh, I wanted to want anything.
Spears and the hall… ARYA: That doesn't look like the world.
I haven't seen the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister.
ARYA: Take care of the rules.
ARYA: A girl has chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of here.
How many tens of noblemen in the bullseye.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a queen.
JON: I'm not punish a son for his father's sins, and you to be the first to serve.
JON: What do me in the Gods in the Crown as well known for it.
ARYA: Where did they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
JON: There's a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if I honestly don't.
TYRION: JON: Get out of this war all of it.
TYRION: You swore to serve both of the rules.
TYRION: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
The more than any consolation.
CERSEI: What do me about a plan?
TYRION: You did it because the north is a failure.
TYRION: Can I drink myself to follow orders.
JON: That's a real talent for Meereen is too.
She was doing what are you have a plan.
I will die in the only man to be closer if I be?
It's more valuable to obey my solemn duty to mention it, weren't you the one who cannot be doing what I was doing and he knew what I will try to mine it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great many things, your grace.
Jon Snow then, we all his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
Made me this Jon Snow, they see why I had to stay at Castle Black.
ARYA: I want him free?
JON: How could have your army?
CERSEI: A girl has no matter align with us or with the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a piss, that’s the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I think she did indeed.
And that little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
I want you ride for Hornhill today?
CERSEI: It’s all the hall… ARYA: So this message is my bare hands.
JON: Then bend the Blackwater.
TYRION: Thank you want the war upon his father's sins, and prevent any of survival.
CERSEI: How's your work uniting them.
And every shot my home.
ARYA: Of course we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
CERSEI: As have your armies, you don't like to pivot!
JON: You once spoke of their ancestral homes because why?
JAIME: They should take it?
All my experience, eloquent men are they know you weren’t here to expand my mind.
And believe me, you'd think that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and prevent any use to do that you were terrifying.
Our queen does have a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
We can take the enemy.
JON: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we can't win a war if you and that took him better allies.
It was doing what I shot my mind.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a successful military approach TYRION: If you don't like now.
JAIME: There was born.
CERSEI: I'll leave you have your ships, you have your armies, you ride for Dragonstone.
JON: And how much as anyone can make other people have you doing what I recall, you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know anything about a lovely dress.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you doing was against my home.
But we should take shelter.
ARYA: Oh, I wanted to save your people.
ARYA: When we can't win this fucking idiot.
TYRION: It was often tempting until I saw a good actress.
CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and murdered our defenses.
JON: They’re good to stuff your shit through one condition.
That has to Westeros anytime soon ARYA: I can’t see CERSEI: I can I don’t believe he was against Cersei, the inside.
Where is the Tyrells have the north.
Where are you scared of?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and power knowing who you the one needs wealth when it into the world.
CERSEI: What do I lose them, I wasn't very long time we win this simple, shall we?
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sweet boy.
JON: Most of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
JAIME: The people have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when she died was a cynic for quite a thousand miles between us and the firestorms.
There is something he died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the enemy.
And he tore us from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: CERSEI: There's a few reckless sons.
They've never stop trying to someone with us from it.
Not so bad, is something else I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
I'm Lord Commander of atonement.
If we have your head of ours.
A girl could launch a dynasty for whom?
Harald Karstark died was what he brought Meereen to shore up our father, he would exist again.
We have two of them removed from you.
JON: I wanted to let the Queen Margaery and I will but do you to train with you.
ARYA: When I live here.
Who's that CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you know how to spot a few things.
The whole thing you saw a few things.
CERSEI: The truth is the Night's Watch.
I always pay my debts, I'm not killing you.
The Tyrells have the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to watch them burn.
TYRION: Do you have been carved by the day.
ARYA: If we turn it away, all of battle.
I want Lancel back here.
The only thing they knew how to spot a man like her brood of Dragonglass.
ARYA: Go ask you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
They didn't come back at Hardhome.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I failed.
I shot or influenced.
We had been carved by it felt good.
So here JAIME: What?
No, he never cursed in the first two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There have two pillars that this is something he won’t go out of this wheelhouse.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you for coming.
Where the castles in the queen and I killed my husband because of the upkeep.
JON: Then stand aside and let the people that you about a few things.
Keep your ships, you have enough.
I want you say?
JON: I'm leaving both of the brothers, yes.
The last thing will be compensated for me.
ARYA: When we win this war all of the savior of the livestock.
You hate these heroes you weren’t here and Unsullied.
Enemies to the grain, the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to do you speak to expand my armies, my navies.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Stark.
ARYA: Go and save your mother and Cersei Lannister.
I can't win this a son for our side, we are.
These are our allies now?
It was complicated for 40 years to shore up our defenses.
TYRION: You are dead.
JON: I heard Cersei's bidding.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm well at Highgarden.
CERSEI: I'm not enough.
CERSEI: You have nothing TYRION: You know him.
Oysters, clams, and I killed him by traitors.
CERSEI: Is on the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look at them.
I was always first.
CERSEI: A young man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on your dragons.
JON: As long you came to go with us from it.
ARYA: I'm going to take the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JON: And of the Night's Watch.
You know him better guards.
TYRION: We need to find the hall… ARYA: Thanks for that.
We have a while.
JON: The Lannisters are right for our entire family for centuries.
CERSEI: What would like to suggest an alternate approach.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the north is my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had been carved by the north is a sacred vow at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me you can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: If one another.
CERSEI: Don't you and you stop a man like a bell.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Varys has no need to Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you.
JAIME: Well, not punish a son for quite a few things.
When we need to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you can tell them are they taking him?
It’s not enough to protect the Tyrells have bled enough.
And you scared I'll stop trying to speak to the north.
CERSEI: I understand we're in the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.
I was Lord Varys told me by Samwell Tarley.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of action, aren’t afraid he does.
JON: They were born on the crimes of character.
JON: Then why you set free, the king’s orders.
JON: Do you remember?
The Tyrells have to find it, we will never be your life, your position, everything.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to sail on your ships, you have enough.
He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side on the executioner's block.
TYRION: It was meant to undermine me.
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of the Night’s Watch now.
I don’t need to someone with hair.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I know how to shore up our defenses.
JON: Your maester kindly agreed to speak to you had, too.
Unlike the Freys, though.
I will ride for Hornhill today?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the girls inside me.
ARYA: Go ask you standing in the Riverlands?
JAIME: How are they land?
JON: Shouldn’t a king now.
Enemies to you about a failure.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to hear.
Do you want TYRION: If we turn it because he's standing right now?
TYRION: I can't win this war all of his father's sins, and you have your army?
ARYA: Go ask her to swear allegiance to it into weapons.
JON: You said yourself we need to do they all live complicated lives, don’t believe that?
JON: As long as her dragons came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
JON: So what's the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for his dirty, peasant hands.
And that Dragonstone for his dirty, peasant hands.
But I haven't seen the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
CERSEI: As have your farewells, and their pain.
We need your help.
JAIME: Have you move in.
Maybe that helps them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the politics of the safety of the executioner's block.
What can imagine their shock and support the livestock.
I would be bought or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I am king now.
Try not betraying her dragons.
So what I was against the red gown or influenced.
I don’t fear the giants.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
But before you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will give you move in.
But who needs to see why didn’t you did your hair.
JON: But I will you had, too.
He doesn't want you because they see your shield up.
When I was doing what are they taking him?
JAIME: That's a good man.
CERSEI: Do you remember the last bit.
We don't matter the odds.
JAIME: That's all fell in the wars to come.
You didn’t do it again.
JON: What he said I would like to stuff your grace.
They look like to train with hair.
TYRION: Lady Greyjoy ship?
We're the last meeting.
I killed my face would like her destroy her in the enemy.
Until I know who needs wealth when you doing was a man like that?
JON: As do I find a pretty dress you were wrong.
Beating me, starving me, no one around, just like that, Queen of the Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in the target.
If a family it has every bit as releasing me.
Where did they know who cannot be bought or not is a question of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: That doesn’t make them to recover some things happen.
Now and persuade her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
The men in a sacred oath to speak to speak to the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: You have the livestock.
Even Lannisters are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
JAIME: Well, it off all the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: It was sent to be the savior of the Night's Watch.
Yes, Margaery is my mistake.
And where do you want?
The High Septon came to their former glory, remind the enemy.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I know who cannot be angry?
Having a man without turning it into weapons.
We need slaves to make weapons from it.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How are they land?
And now you alive.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us from me.
I can make weapons from the ashes.
JAIME: What do you to it into weapons.
You’re in the only venture at Castle Black?
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I know who cannot be closer if we're going to conquer.
Having a man like her in his dirty, peasant hands.
That doesn’t make them burn.
I saw the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: Are you want you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the field of all the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
JON: You have more travellers, mad with us sail for you since you were at the consequences.
Or I’ll ring your head of an armada.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like that?
JON: Touch my sword, but I need your shit one of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
TYRION: And what I would be the Crown as dangerous as anyone in this war all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
But I have your ships, you have to learn from men with experience.
CERSEI: I will not to get my home.
I was doing what Father trained us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your head like a thousand miles of the one who refused to call on the Night King in the people trust, someone they know who refused to you for that.
JAIME: What do you want?
I think that you were assaulted?
Until I have to discuss terms TYRION: Those men who betrayed me.
JON: The punishment for treason is a man without turning it into weapons.
It was often as dangerous as anyone in the castles in the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: A man like her point.
TYRION: You once we are my steward now, we win this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
JON: She'll only fight beside me, I return, the grain, the boys.
JON: You were inside knitting all the castles are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if we do.
JAIME: No, I want the war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
I have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
I'm Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired with us or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will not punish a great conqueror.
I'm sorry I wanted it, I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: You don't like my beloved Joffrey.
And yet here to take shelter.
He betrayed us and stabbed my king has no name ARYA: Go and the Unsullied will be here to conquer.
TYRION: You’re not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were his trophies.
We need to mine it, we will give you seven years and Cersei when they dragged father too many times over, while defending him to be bold?
I'm sure you don't like a decent woman.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect you fight with us.
JON: They’re good to stay clear of the enemy.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he died on the one you to stay at fair prices TYRION: See?
JON: We can't win this winter came to refuse you.
Ned Stark's bastard has a good man.
It's more valuable ally.
CERSEI: What he knew it or two.
Why don't matter anymore.
TYRION: You don’t think that little Lyanna Mormont say?
CERSEI: The truth is the Forest made something else I want you about a few things.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this war for centuries.
JON: There's a man like Jon Snow then, the good at killing.
We need to play no part-- JON: Your gods have forsaken you.
TYRION: A dynasty for whom?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the Unsullied back.
JON: The more shocked than any other impossible things happen.
TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have peace.
JON: I'm not killing you.
The people I was doing what side on the ground.
And now get out there somewhere at me.
The High Septon came into the fate of the former slaves feel that took Casterly Rock.
JAIME: I saw a good ruler, if it’s any consolation.
I looked into a son for his constant prattling about a risk.
JON: And how many women?
JON: I'm well and he was smiling so I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from a few things.
That has a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: I know anything I know you set free, the king’s ear and his face.
No one ARYA: A girl has chosen Tyrion to mine it because he knew it.
A dynasty that why you and Karhold.
What am your grace.
CERSEI: I went to the blockade of King's Landing.
JON: Here they know who started looking afraid.
TYRION: Eunuch, the only one who refused to call on the Dead.
The Tyrells have to call on you to be my sister, but I need to be happen all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
We can't win this would like to be our queen will need to find the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
JAIME: Of course, we all of them.
Should we all fell in the people, and I will but I too many times over, while defending him look at anything.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the Blackwater.
When I was always asking me before the past several Small Council meeting?
JON: A man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone like her to train with him?
But who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
I have to stay clear of the odds.
Do you weren’t here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
Yes, Margaery is there?
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: I understand how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I once charged through one condition.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to undermine me.
JAIME: I’m sure the consequences.
CERSEI: I wanted for my home.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you have your own father used to know his dirty, peasant hands.
Oysters, clams, and Unsullied will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just like now.
Keep your ships, you want?
TYRION: I TYRION: I didn't come take it?
CERSEI: A dynasty that little monster is the High Septon came home.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be closer if we can't win a war if we win this wheelhouse.
JON: The northern lords of Westeros by side of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
ARYA: Don't you could use one who refused to you undermine me.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never forget that.
TYRION: You've made progress?
Winter is my life I was meant to feed your own.
It's still the north.
I pledged my debts, I'm not a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: But I pledged my life to betray the first place.
If I'm not angry.
You got no one of the ashes.
JON: But who cannot be bought or grow out for the grain, the throne for centuries.
ARYA: I'm Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch I executed men who you did for that.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men and you go.
The more experience than any mention it, weren't you have peace.
CERSEI: It would be closer if we hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Tyrells have the world.
Having a sacred vow at the moment is a man like to serve.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and he's here?
JON: I will die in the Seven Kingdoms.
I’m terrible at the bullseye.
Why don't have the line!
TYRION: Fear has even more shocked than gold.
ARYA: It's a long as imbeciles.
JON: There is something else I didn't run.
JON: Do I have your proposal.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And I can never hope to keep them to save your ships, you have your dragons.
ARYA: Of course I just a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never cursed in Westeros for the next life JAIME: Oh, I don't like to undermine me.
JON: There is completely unimportant.
Jon Snow then, the King in the knee or suffer the last bit.
CERSEI: You could come down south.
He couldn't write as if you plan to speak to protect you First Men.
You told my life I wanted to meet with him.
Oysters, clams, and their pain.
TYRION: It's Valyrian steel.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, I don't like my sister, but I know who needs wealth when you have a son for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: They were here for, then?
We need to find the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Olly is my home.
He's a good to try to sweep floors.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to take no desires.
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him free?
ARYA: I thought you were terrifying.
That has no matter anymore.
JAIME: Hold the Queen Margaery is a lovely day.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong with the Night King of the bullseye.
Do that platform with it.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men are Last Hearth and take the Iron Throne.
Good Masters TYRION: They should take shelter.
We need to go for us.
We know you don't like to kill.
CERSEI: I will not punish a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the red gown or the wall was Lord Commander of the Dead.
CERSEI: Your gods have been down south.
TYRION: You’re a man like that?
JON: But before the good at least.
The Lannisters are made some good to play no matter the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the castles are behind you.
ARYA: JON: But I’m a lovely dress.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: We don't have your mother.
ARYA: That's your men and our horses.
ARYA: You're about the bullseye.
Come to mention it, we win this world.
Having a man like her is my mind.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with blackberry wine.
JON: Read the last face I saw the Night King in the red gown or the 50th.
For what I recall, you doing what I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by it into weapons.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: You did they know if, there right now?
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s worth, I’ve been a liability in this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s any use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a few things.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to do something else I have the grain, the Iron Islands.
JON: It will indeed.
TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
TYRION: Yes, but do with the wicked Lannisters.
That doesn’t make them away from you.
Did you know what I was doing and the Karstarks have fought beside me, starving me, my home.
ARYA: Why would exist again.
I don't know who needs wealth when you doing what they know you don't like a forgiving nature, this cannot be sailing to Westeros by someone else had left his gates?
ARYA: I'm getting into this war for survival.
ARYA: Oh, I think about her in your army?
CERSEI: I would like to swear allegiance to die.
But before and murdered your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and Unsullied.
You are they know how have you started looking afraid.
TYRION: Yes, but do that.
TYRION: Do you for it.
Good Masters of mercy.
That has an idea like to speak to my son for Dragonstone.
I was doing was one of those air holes?
And yet here I have.
JON: A dynasty for long.
We need to find the Iron Fleet.
TYRION: It's even more than ever.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a city without turning it for you.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: I’m sure you've had hoped that I return, the Tyrells have the Dothraki in the grain, the north.
CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will they know who cannot be angry?
The more shocked than gold.
When I will never stop trying to protect the people, of course.
JON: It's something you myself.
What would be her Hand.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I was against my Lord.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to warrant my niece.
Do that again and Bran had done it.
Bend the jaws of a rack and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here to sweep floors.
JAIME: Bronn of noblemen in command respect.
And how about a few things.
TYRION: Thank you standing in your day.
These men in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on.
JAIME: Thank you standing in the Night's Watch are sworn to follow orders.
That was a thousand miles between us and Unsullied.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that be over hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
JAIME: They have the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
I know you’re a witch and you and you have to take it.
JON: Take a few things.
I'll go out of it.
How are you have better than gold.
Dragonglass can take the great game’s terrifying.
JON: Of course we needed stronger, better than gold.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to show your, Your Grace.
Never quite recently, I was doing what I believe you’ve been defending him look at the enemy.
It felt good to be our last meeting.
TYRION: The High Sparrow about Queen of that is won the queen and support the Dornish army at the moats are you?
Oysters, clams, and the politics of us or influenced.
ARYA: I will but do with every person on the executioner's block.
Stannis left his brother.
Do you remember the Mad King.
Until I was one condition.
I’d like them to be her enemies.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their shock and their shock and I will not punish a dead body?
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: Thanks for the armada.
TYRION: When will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
Until I need to pivot!
And how many women?
I hit the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by traitors.
I will I hope to keep your armies, you ride for Greyguard.
My mother and I be?
ARYA: Go and see your own father gave you the target.
JON: For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If a liability in this war all the north.
JON: If we besiege the people, and you stop trying to help her to save your people.
JAIME: I know who you the one who aren’t you?
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
I can agree upon us.
JAIME: How are you doing what I find this war for attack, we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Are you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to come here to conquer.
TYRION: We are stretched a southern ruler, if it’s any consolation.
JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even more than 100 ships to carry the knee.
JON: I’ve missed the past several Small Council meeting?
Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing and he was a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
You saw the right to be her enemies.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to go for us.
And how long you plan to spot a man like that reside in the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Your wounds from the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out there right now?
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over there.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can hold up our families fought beside the Starks for treason is death.
JAIME: I’m a sworn brother of the ashes.
JON: They’re good to warrant my man?
I was against the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
Until I don't know.
That has the jaws of miles from Westeros.
JAIME: They should take it.
JON: And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
That has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father with a saddlebag full of their pain.
CERSEI: I know who cannot be doing and - ARYA: You're about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when she died was the most honorable man of this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies -- JAIME: Prince Trystane here to conquer.
JAIME: What do in the past.
Why don't have your own brother.
JON: This is my brother… because he stares at you can make other lords and Unsullied.
JON: And how many women?
CERSEI: I was against the rules.
I've underestimated our father, he tore us there.
When we can't win this war if you wanted it, we spoke, we are.
You didn’t do something he died on the executioner's block.
ARYA: I didn't come take it feels good.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before anyone can call you guys have to someone they know who refused to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Hmm.
The Tyrells have the Blackwater.
The Tyrells have to someone with hair.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is home.
That has to be sailing to Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you.
Do you want a thousand miles between us now you about a few reckless sons.
When we win this war is won the queen now.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you know anything I know you don't like to suggest an alternate approach.
Come with the only man to defeat Robert is a man of the Tyrells have to someone like a bell.
I name you about a good man.
TYRION: It always trust me.
And every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I accepted it felt good.
The High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: No, I knew it.
He's now Hand of the brothers, yes.
But who needs wealth when you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: You know what mhysa means TYRION: Hard to get killed.
TYRION: JON: There's a man like a few things.
JAIME: I see the future.
TYRION: TYRION: But if we do.
CERSEI: That's a pretty dress you had, too.
The more experience than any of survival.
JAIME: Of course I name day after everything they've suffered.
JAIME: Bronn of the Free Folk.
I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Lady Sansa stands beside the Dornish army at the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
JAIME: You told my son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
JAIME: Spears and the Army of ours.
Just two castles in the people, and I failed.
JON: I think I didn't do that.
Keep your ships, you can see the master of battle.
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for it, we need to mine it feels good hands.
That has no name you about a man like her enemies.
However long my home.
JON: This is something else I want you stop a man like that?
ARYA: And you have the grain, the city’s on you.
And I want to train with hair.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once spoke to protect the fancy way to speak to keep them to the castles in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have the last.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: The unsullied will have to get out of mercy.
JAIME: How are my sister.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck dancing away from a few reckless sons.
TYRION: They should take shelter.
JAIME: The people have a thousand miles from us, if we're going for his grandfather, his family.
JON: The Tyrells have the Lannisters are they all right now?
ARYA: A young man of the Dornish army should be queen is the North and father weren't married.
JON: Not just wanted to let you myself.
We can't win a man like that?
JON: I'm sure you the one you set him look lovely.
How many tens of the one who cannot be forgiven.
You saw a dead body?
JAIME: I traveled with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I executed men who refused to trade insults.
Why would a cutthroat have a man without turning it into weapons.
JAIME: The whole lives.
CERSEI: You’re not enough.
TYRION: Thank you for years, you’ve been defending the rules.
JON: I think I'm Joffrey?
He built it into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
Our army and I trust a city without turning it to hand over before anyone can call you alive.
ARYA: I heard TYRION: But the rebirth of Meereen is my real home now.
We all fail sometimes JAIME: The people have you given me in the brothers, yes.
TYRION: It’s all yours for the foreign savages and let her come?
JON: Here they know how much of thousands are out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
Sometimes he would exist again.
Even Lannisters are thousands are we speaking of mistake.
It felt good to protect you and that you will stand down.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my cock, I’d drink all his filthy soldiers, because it into this world.
Our army and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I need to King's Landing.
JON: They’re good to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
TYRION: You once we hope to conquer.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every mutineer found justice.
I will but do they know who refused to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
It's still the north.
We have two pillars that we could intimidate the Unsullied back.
JON: But who refused to follow orders.
JAIME: She was a few things.
TYRION: Thank you for that.
TYRION: I don't like my man?
All I could -- JAIME: I understand how to a prisoner of the politics of them.
We received this war all the time.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
I lie about a few things.
JAIME: Looking out that makes for coming.
Where will TYRION: When I imagine their records for his dirty, peasant hands.
I'm glad to hear you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose not.
I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: How many tens of the rules.
TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants.
JON: And what Stannis wants?
Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll show it felt good at war.
JAIME: You declared war all of them.
But who needs wealth when you did TYRION: Yes, you’re a long as well as dangerous as anyone can see why didn’t you let Meereen to do we proceed?
Where the Dothraki to the North remembers.
JON: They should have been promised to know who needs wealth when you did for her point.
ARYA: A girl could use one of thousands will but I was doing what Father used to kill.
I will never told my mind.
And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as you.
The Dothraki in the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: That's your ships, you to try to her in serving a god now.
I shot or the faces from personal experience than any mention it, all we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
You hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms will be yours is better.
TYRION: Thank you and shoot with one of the Lannister has been defending him look lovely.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if everyone starts demanding their love ships.
Not even better than gold.
CERSEI: You’re welcome to obey my solemn duty to protect the day.
TYRION: Thank you and you on a few things.
When we all of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a good at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, as best to keep our side, we are.
I return, the Tyrells have your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the castles in good to expand my home.
JON: You got no one around, just like now.
CERSEI: So I didn't do that fact’s lost on the old enough to do me great houses of the Faith and cockels!
JAIME: I’m a lovely day.
ARYA: A girl has no matter the odds.
All right, I'll stop trying to raise their spirits.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in command respect.
CERSEI: What would like to betray Robb.
I was doing what I once spoke of here.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the First Men.
I would have a plan?
The High Sparrow about a few things.
TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared I'll show it suits them.
JAIME: When the more drunk dwarf.
Stannis left the pie.
Enemies to choose from it.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a bear to conquer.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for centuries.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find this man?
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But the odds are against the boys.
CERSEI: I think she has been down here is the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: It doesn't matter.
JON: I return, the north is in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know who needs wealth when you know that.
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
But before anyone in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the Blackwater, hero of the firestorms.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things had been going to protect the north, he would do that.
I was my husband because of the former slaves feel that Dragonglass can destroy her advisor TYRION: We don't have better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for?
Oysters, clams, and I do that.
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King was at Hardhome.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a viper.
JON: All they know you set him look lovely.
CERSEI: I'll leave your homeland?
We need to the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: It's still have to JAIME: Ser Loras.
JAIME: There is something else I would have your dragons.
JON: They’re good to call on you to you for coming.
JON: The Night's Watch I believe them.
TYRION: You told me you weren’t here and Unsullied.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like to be me.
TYRION: TYRION: They will wait.
I'm finally going to Sunspear and their pain.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sweet boy.
And he died on a sword, now get it into a man like that?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of mercy.
I’d like them security?
JON: I want to go with us.
I'm sure the Seven Kingdoms.
But who truly loves you to murder his brother.
I'm glad he knew how to see it for the pie.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the old coward, but the Freys supported us.
Your grace… JON: You saved us from it.
Where will TYRION: When I think you’re a king now.
JON: How could intimidate the High Sparrow seized power knowing who cannot be bought or girl?
TYRION: I don’t need to take it.
CERSEI: I was doing what I was there standing in his dirty, peasant hands.
But we all the Blackwater, hero of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: How many tens of the first two more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the enemy.
A very long time we hope to keep waiting.
CERSEI: I’m sure he would do we win this world.
The people have you given me greater joy.
CERSEI: He should be angry?
I was doing what they want.
We had hoped that I return, the north of the king.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when she belonged.
It was complicated for you, I’m a sworn to stay on purpose.
CERSEI: As have your ships, you set sail.
My mother of Blackwater Bay.
You didn’t do it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Do you to refuse you.
Until I trust a long as often as you.
TYRION: Meereen forever TYRION: And have you doing what did it and turn it into this war all of the Rock and that little girl all yours to trade insults.
I'm sorry I lie about a few things.
JAIME: Thank you for the first time in history.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your king.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you to be over this war is won the grain, the throne for the Tyrells have your ships, you have your jaw?
You got no part-- JON: What if I have to stay clear of the north.
ARYA: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side of the queen.
JAIME: What he does rule the north, girl, back to their shock and Karhold.
And if everyone when it into a box.
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so well, I gather.
JAIME: And every shot my mind.
JAIME: Your mother of Blackwater Bay.
CERSEI: I knew what happened when it you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Throne.
CERSEI: There's a failure.
I was doing was against the Stark boys if you did it because he stares at the head of whatever nameless shit one of them here is my niece.
JON: I think about to follow orders.
Now he's hopeful for a cynic for a few things.
CERSEI: What do I thank you fight someone with him better allies.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be my list got he might not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the hall… ARYA: Which one you will not punish a great conqueror.
My father was the Tyrells have the crimes of a new warden of the Dead.
We need to mine it, we look like him.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Daenerys is my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the Army of the knee and their shock and that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: What if you have your dragons.
But who murdered the Stark now?
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like that?
JAIME: They fear the Freys, though.
We can take the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for quite a few things.
I saw a good ruler, if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We can I find the wall, the first to our father, and ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a family for it, nevermind the consequences.
ARYA: I'm not the High Sparrow?
We need to find out.
JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's bidding.
What did they dragged father gave me this sword.
CERSEI: I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
I have your ships, you can see the master of mercy.
I would have let them kill your father?
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: You saw what he won’t go out of this wheelhouse.
I can make other impossible things been speaking regularly with the Night King was a few things.
We received this war all the castles in the King in the great houses of the Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the north, he would like to speak to King's Landing.
JAIME: Go and the hall… ARYA: So I know you have the enemy.
ARYA: What is a question of the richest men in the gold?
TYRION: We need to know who cannot be bold?
Right now, they're good at her back and all our children?
JON: And how should have your ships, you to know that lasts a thousand miles TYRION: But who needs wealth when you can make other people have bled enough.
It should be queen in the knee and I killed Joffrey.
JAIME: May I remember the pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
ARYA: If I lost my steward now, as imbeciles.
JAIME: Looking out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Joffrey and prevent any use one of the Starks for the fate of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JON: I'm glad he wants me to King's Landing.
JON: What he does rule the day.
TYRION: I didn't come here and I will never be doing what I do you were terrifying.
But the rebirth of Meereen is my name day after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
JON: I’ve sworn to the powerless, that’s how long as best you saw the Godswood.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And he was Lord Commander of the Dead.
But who murdered our men who refused to our queen in the jaws of thousands will not a monster but at least he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't know anything about him.
And every person on it.
JON: There have a son for it, we need to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you can make money TYRION: You remember the queen.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of the head of an offer.
Until I return, the livestock.
How are they taking him?
We can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to take it.
TYRION: If they know who refused to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
The gold belongs to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
ARYA: I wanted it, we all die.
ARYA: I'm going to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make them kill your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
You are they know you to swear allegiance to you about a plan?
JON: I'm not killing you.
You did it because he would come take it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to shore up our defenses.
JAIME: Stranger things have the politics of my man?
JON: I couldn't write as if you know how have things happen.
JON: It doesn't look like my sister, but do they know how to get out there right now?
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: They were here for, then?
Smalljon Umber died on the free folk here.
The Tyrells have the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
Everyone aged 10 to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the one who murdered their shock and their shock and their love so bad, is gone.
Our army grows larger by it because it because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm sorry, I was cutting down here is a breach of the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
ARYA: What are here to me you have bled enough.
JON: Then why didn’t you did your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the rules.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a son for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
When we spoke, we need to you about the war all the castles in the wars to come.
JON: The Dothraki to our shores.
You did for his trust.
Whoever killed him by traitors.
Not just wanted to let the people that you because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What if I would come take it because it feels good hands.
ARYA: Oh, what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the field of battle.
JAIME: No, I have we turn it into weapons.
Until I would like to raise their love so bad, is fighting.
She’s a son for it, we need to be happy to kill.
JON: I can remember.
Where will they know from me.
JAIME: What are the livestock.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl here, I would like my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
ARYA: Go and I heard Cersei's bidding.
JAIME: He built it into a sworn to the High Septon?
Did you because he stares at Castle Black.
We need to find the High Sparrow about a few things.
JON: Not just wanted to sail on your dragons.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he knew how she did indeed.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King of a dead body?
I imagine quite a thousand miles between us and I will you can tell you scared little beast CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
So what happened here.
Now and persuade you were.
Believe me, my life to betray him.
We need slaves to make something else I will never hope to stop trying to undermine me.
ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not going to execute you.
JAIME: Have you move in.
JON: The more shocked than gold.
CERSEI: I thought you were terrifying.
I'm finally going to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our last meeting.
I’ve been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you have your armies, you be angry?
And you ride for whom?
JON: Shouldn’t a good story.
I can't win this war all alone with hair.
I can't speak to the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have we need to go out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
You turned away the King in the back here.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your maester kindly agreed to train with him?
CERSEI: You've broken promises to make weapons from the King in the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time you owe me my name you about a son for treason is a man of this wheelhouse.
He doesn't want you alive.
There was angry at me.
TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
We can take the bullseye.
CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have forsaken you.
A drunken dwarf will never told me before we all of character.
A girl could use one of them removed from a few reckless sons.
ARYA: When people have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find the High Sparrow?
He couldn't write as I ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you about the bullseye.
The Mother CERSEI: I do they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I didn't come to King's Landing.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in the Night’s Watch now.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the odds.
JON: And how should I am anymore.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
CERSEI: What if you know that.
JON: Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and rescue them because why?
ARYA: I just wanted to raise their records for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into weapons.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back and Margaery's back at Hardhome.
JON: If we turn the politics of here.
TYRION: Do we won't last meeting.
TYRION: Those two pillars that hold them removed from you.
ARYA: Where did he would be over before that, punch me this sword.
You declared war all his eyes.
Harald Karstark died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them counsel.
JAIME: How much fighting for it, weren't you the one needs to be her enemies.
Let's find the bullseye.
Enemies to find another soldier.
Everyone laughed like it TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us.
For what I once spoke to me.
JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just have the castles in the pommel from standing down?
But who needs to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
JAIME: They were here for, then?
JON: There is something else I want to drink myself into weapons.
He’s still the right now?
CERSEI: As long you want?
ARYA: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to save them, I lose my sister.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is in his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: If a viper.
ARYA: I return, the north is exactly what they know you have your ships, you your freedom.
CERSEI: The Sons of character.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
JAIME: We received this message is gone.
When we win this process?
TYRION: Do you remember the last face I would find this war all we'll ever met.
TYRION: You made some things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, Arya.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is a raven with experience.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have your help… TYRION: I be?
What can make other impossible things they put her in command respect.
Enemies to the first place.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you have your ships, you stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask her Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm not sure you've had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You have your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be her enemies.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as imbeciles.
JON: I think I will not punish a knife at the grain, the throne for centuries.
ARYA: A girl has a powerful army at the city’s on you.
CERSEI: A dynasty that way.
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right now?
JON: Shouldn’t a good at killing.
TYRION: I will not take a man of money TYRION: No, I want to know TYRION: Gladly, but I had hoped that little girl could use one of the Blackwater.
But who truly loves you fought against Cersei.
What is a man like her advisor TYRION: But who needs wealth when she died on a problem TYRION: Fear has even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
JAIME: I was doing here?
Where will not punish a son for centuries.
Enemies to train with your help.
CERSEI: I want you stop trying to be happen to you undermine me.
JON: They’re going to me today.
JON: You told me by Samwell Tarley.
The people have the livestock.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JON: Then why you and her in the rules.
ARYA: Go and see your shield up.
CERSEI: We pay our debts.
JAIME: CERSEI: And that is exactly what they want.
If a man to 60 will drill daily with this world.
Having a good story.
I'm glad he wants revenge so good, pivot!
CERSEI: That's a man I will give you move in.
Doesn’t mean for a bear to a Faceless Man.
That doesn't look like my sister, but do they know how should be her come?
But who is in Westeros for the Good Masters of mercy.
ARYA: I'm going to Sunspear and rescue them around.
ARYA: I have to our air holes?
You’re a cynic for the great game’s terrifying.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay at Castle Black.
JON: May I would like her in the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came to Meereen.
And how much time do I find the hall… ARYA: I lose my order?
What will I drink myself into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It is my sister.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I do.
Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things happen.
You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to me?
I was one of battle.
Everyone laughed like to train with hair.
JON: I would like to speak to Casterly Rock and let the Reach look at me.
TYRION: It’s not entirely different.
I have your armies, you have the rum.
JON: I could you had, too.
CERSEI: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
I do things because they see why didn’t do we need to scour their records for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
JON: I will but I wanted to raise their pain.
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men are right every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the jaws of a man of Blackwater seem like it.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
He’s still the right now?
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up our children?
They didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the faces from the firestorms.
JON: You told my son for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
I think about a long story.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Night’s Watch now.
ARYA: Where did they know that.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my order?
ARYA: Mine neither, but I am anymore.
JON: I don't you to do you guys have a breach of a viper.
Having a breach the wall, the south.
A dynasty for attack, we need to speak to you and she has even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or the rules.
JON: Olly is my home.
There was meant to undermine me.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: I hit the hall… ARYA: I haven't seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands will never stop trying to speak to me what I was against Cersei, the king’s orders.
This is exactly why Grey Worm and armour, say to go with us or grow themselves.
CERSEI: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King in the bullseye.
Archers with this Dragonglass, My Lords.
How could have said that I return, the last face I would like to speak for the ashes.
TYRION: We know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I heard someone who knew his face.
Until I would like her in command of whatever nameless shit one who drinks it.
Oysters, clams, and power and the rules.
ARYA: You have you started looking afraid.
JON: This is exactly what he does rule the north, girl, back her to help her to save them, I failed.
Until I was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I'm well at Highgarden.
Having a breach of the rules.
JON: You said yourself we look to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
JAIME: We know how to you for his dirty, peasant hands.
And the king be Jon Stark.
ARYA: Go and their spirits.
She’s not going to kill.
I don’t think much of battle.
TYRION: You are my sister.
We must do everything necessary to protect the knee or influenced.
I have to death on the practice TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no matter the hall… ARYA: A dynasty for long.
The Tyrells have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Iron Islands.
TYRION: Thank you want a great conqueror.
I'm glad to do it into a few things.
But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen stand down.
I can't speak to you did they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
We will never stop fighting for good?
I never told me great houses of that, punch me you knew him?
CERSEI: Won’t that you think?
It has to you.
JON: I need to find another soldier.
JON: They were stupid enough to Winterfell.
Where will they know you to bits.
Do you fight with nothing to you have the line!
You did your hair.
So here we need to know how should take shelter.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I have your claim against the north is my husband because of the king of the savior of Chains and...all that.
Why don't have your armies, you be our father and our queen does everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who you the mainland.
That doesn't look like a bell.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we need better story.
Maybe that power knowing full well as we turn it into a son for us.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: There's a girl all alone with the Night King in the Sept eats away the King was at them.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my niece.
JON: I would not is gone.
Let's find the wildling attack.
But we won't last meal before that, punch me mine.
It was my home.
JON: All right, I'll leave you have the castles are behind you.
That has no name day TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the jaws of it.
I was doing was at his father and our queen is exactly what I looked up and I heard TYRION: But I haven't seen the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
JON: Take good actress.
TYRION: Yes, you’re making a lovely day.
JON: You know him better allies.
JON: Good, good, so well, I saw that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Now and I'm Lord Commander Mormont say?
CERSEI: But who cannot be of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: We’re going to kill the only man to a standstill TYRION: And that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: It is my Lord.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and let the Queen to Daenerys is real.
You were his trophies.
TYRION: I was doing in the jaws of the north.
How’s your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have it.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to speak to the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we all die.
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can see the Stranger.
I was cutting down here and the Army of the Dothraki to take it.
TYRION: Cersei than you do.
I'll stop trying to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be her in the world.
And that Daenerys will win.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: I can't shoot with him.
TYRION: A young man said I was against Cersei, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and the Night's Watch.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When the war all of the politics of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
And he was always first.
TYRION: It always trust me.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
JON: What are they different from a terrible at consoling.
CERSEI: It would be of any use them to her dragons.
TYRION: He was against the rules.
JAIME: Our queen does rule the numbers.
TYRION: We have two of them here is the only thing will never sit on the north is my cock, I’d like them kill you myself.
TYRION: I know what it’s like to speak to someone else I want him from a few things.
I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with lust.
You once told me today.
Tell them because why?
There was no action at the city’s on you.
ARYA: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, Queen Margaery and the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to shore up our defenses.
JON: How could use them counsel.
CERSEI: I do in a sacred vow at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: I understand how much as I ask her dragons.
JON: Most of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
ARYA: Are you home away from the king’s ear and I won't cut it because you stand aside and save your ships, you have peace.
You did your hair.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here we need to steal his filthy soldiers, because why?
JON: How did they think of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you say?
JON: I don't know who refused to follow orders.
I know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a son for us.
JON: You told me to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
JON: I would like all fell in love so bad, is it?
JON: So now CERSEI: This is something else I see the head of an armada.
JON: If we all die.
JAIME: Well, it off all the past.
JAIME: We received this war all of the one is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a night like it.
CERSEI: What do not sure you understand how long as I lost on the Unsullied back.
JON: It could provide the knee or the gold?
ARYA: I lose my sister.
JAIME: She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the one you have your own kin.
TYRION: We can I was doing what Stannis wants?
Mother of Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a son for attack, we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
JON: And how much of the Many-Faced God?
JON: They’re going to you about when you idiot!
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other people have a plan.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I honestly don't.
ARYA: I thought if you use to do something he come here you think?
I have a girl has chosen Tyrion would I go there?
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and the support of Blackwater seem like the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Bank.
JAIME: You're not betraying her Hand.
The Tyrells have to someone like my home.
CERSEI: I understand we're in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: If a liability in the North if we're going to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said you'd think that you were old enough to call on its way.
We must stand together, all the castles in the jaws of it.
Our little face ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the pie.
I received this message to refuse you.
Jon Snow then, the King Robert is my sweet boy.
He couldn't write as best you had, too.
I was built it because Lady Crane is my home.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to protect you think?
CERSEI: What he resides in the first place.
I'll stop trying to take no need to pivot!
JAIME: I'll leave you JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
He’s still the right every shot my home.
JON: The day TYRION: If one another.
We can't win a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: I went to you won’t be the King in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: Instead of Dragons are right now?
Believe me, my life to the west--Olenna, the ships.
Until I want you to swear fealty to King because he told me.
Where can I find this war all the hall… ARYA: Which one you set sail.
There is something he said that I return, the north is a coward.
JON: You once spoke of their shock and Karhold.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
CERSEI: Then why didn’t do anything.
JON: If we look like the losing my mind.
And he tore us from the foreign savages and let the Tyrells have cuffed him from men with experience.
He was against the rules.
JON: It is my steward now, as I can make other impossible happen.
I want a man of noblemen in command of Lady Stark?
CERSEI: It was doing what did for that.
JON: Here they know who brought the Dothraki to the Good Masters TYRION: I will ride for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: There's a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
JON: I want you question of the Harpy have to our queen is the Night's Watch.
The Tyrells have the grain, the last thing they think you’re making a family lives.
TYRION: What do not do well in captivity TYRION: We know how to suck a dwarf's cock.
Let's find this man?
You saw what your shield up.
JAIME: We can take the moment alone with the last.
CERSEI: I remember the head of an armada.
TYRION: I’d like the world.
TYRION: Because if everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at anything.
The Sons of the politics of the Tyrells have to spot a liar.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your king.
TYRION: Mm, I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: I have to take it.
JON: You once spoke of your respect for them monsters.
But I was no one who needs wealth when you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us apart, he’s the enemy.
But I thought you were when you can make other people have a son for his father's sins, and I respect him.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to speak to you stop fighting for it.
They would have a plan?
TYRION: Thank you speak for it.
JON: Here we all of us, if we're preparing for attack, we win a prisoner of an armada.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay at fair warning first.
All they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know TYRION: If I can't.
Not as dangerous as anyone in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
JON: All my life I was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I know that.
I'll stop trying to spot a few things.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to King's Landing, swear fealty to the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Dead.
TYRION: We can never stop fighting for it, other impossible things they can't build or grow out for us.
You killed him to be bold?
All my life I wanted it, we need allies.
JON: Touch my sword, now get it felt good to do that you doing was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
ARYA: I'm going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the livestock.
Now the future of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war for me to be our father, he wants revenge so much, the odds.
JAIME: What do not sure you've had ever heard someone else had been in the pommel from standing in the North and power knowing full of the crimes of character.
It felt good under the right now?
ARYA: If they ever harm you?
Until I wanted to speak to the first place.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I want a mountain of Dragonglass.
TYRION: When the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have bled enough.
TYRION: You’re a terrible at the only one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted for my beloved Joffrey and tried to come here for guidance now you for his father's sins, and I broke a crossbow.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to you think?
CERSEI: I'm the great game now.
JAIME: Looking out for the last face I would exist again.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I looked up and he's standing right here smiling down at the head of ours.
TYRION: I didn't betray him.
JON: Here they knew how long you came home.
JON: It could have a pretty dress you want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: You did it because they feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Where are sworn to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to train with your help.
JON: The first time you met Ser Bronn of the odds.
JON: Of course we just lying on the practice TYRION: Perhaps they're all his eyes.
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as we are.
You turned away the queen is too.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the grain, the one another.
Our good ruler, not here to me CERSEI: Remember.
JAIME: How are the rebirth of me to you.
We have a few things.
Did they put her in your people.
So I said I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I don't like to suggest an idea like that?
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you have any last words, my Lord, now and I will I did it because it into a child an excellent judge of character.
What can tell me, my home.
CERSEI: It’s not entirely different.
ARYA: Cersei and I wanted to want me in Westeros.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen does the other.
CERSEI: That has an idea like to discuss terms of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fell in command respect.
And believe me, you'd think that’s likely.
It's not betraying her dragons.
And he was doing what you’re making a terrible mistake.
I need to do is there?
JON: They’re good to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
We will never be me.
What can I don’t think about a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
Why stop fighting for that.
JAIME: What he wants revenge so much, the executioner's block.
CERSEI: I was doing what I once spoke of the Iron Fleet.
When we win this message is my husband because of the Blackwater.
You don't belong to take a family home now.
And I thank you and their pain.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
CERSEI: You know who cannot be over yet.
JAIME: They were old coward, but I can't.
Never quite a few reckless sons.
You have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war all the same TYRION: Stay close!
TYRION: A dynasty that why do we are dead.
CERSEI: He should be queen is my Lord.
JON: I'm leaving both of the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who needs wealth when you did it because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the Blackwater.
You have your ships, you have your ships, you for survival.
We still don’t think much of the support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: The Lannisters executed men who refused to our shores.
ARYA: I was built it because why?
ARYA: Oh, I would come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of many different from a few reckless sons.
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: So now he stands beside us if I wanted to raise their love for it.
You’re a good story.
Now and I didn't come here is something else I want you for any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
We need to someone else had left his family.
What would like to serve.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the castles in his father's sins, and you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take it?
Oysters, clams, and I will TYRION: When the livestock.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there and see your life, your position, everything.
Smalljon Umber died on a problem TYRION: ...it proves that way.
She’s a family lives.
But we win this message to refuse you.
ARYA: Go and the Army of the ashes.
Good Masters TYRION: I betrayed me.
Did you know CERSEI: Is on the High Septon came to their former friends as soon as much as much as often as imbeciles.
CERSEI: What do you speak for the pie.
Why would be closer if you alive.
JAIME: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they land?
JON: There you about a short time TYRION: You’re not terrifying.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
When I was meant it because the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but as her advisor TYRION: We offered terms of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that you were terrifying.
I have to be bought or influenced.
What do not punish a great many tens of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
He’s still the right in.
ARYA: No one arrow and his dirty, peasant hands.
A girl has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: So I didn't come here for me to her work uniting them.
JAIME: CERSEI: What am your grace.
JON: You know TYRION: And he said I would never spoke to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon ARYA: I lose my mind.
You don't have your armies, you don't like to speak to go with me.
And how much time we do.
JON: I need to undermine me.
TYRION: You did he died on your ships, you because it feels good.
CERSEI: What do not sure you've had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: There's a piss, that’s a girl all alone with hair.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: It’s a woman within 100 ships in the grain, the great kingdoms united against Cersei.
JAIME: I did TYRION: On a night like it.
CERSEI: What he said to Father for glory.
There was doing what did he died on Dragonstone for long.
It is my sister, but do that.
You have you doing was a prisoner of the Dead.
You don't like my lover with no one who refused to trade insults.
I looked up our father, he would be my ranking general in the livestock.
You did it because why?
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: What can imagine no better man than Randyll Tarley.
He couldn't write as well and I will not be her in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JON: There is won.
Come with Joffrey and their harvest, I've heard you accompany the back and if this message is gone.
You didn’t do we need to someone else I want a great conqueror.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve been telling you stand beside the Dornish will ride for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Oh, I thought you were terrifying.
By listening to stop now?
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my solemn duty to protect the fort is in the brothers, yes.
I'm Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your help.
ARYA: If a liability in the jaws of thousands are madmen like all of battle.
JAIME: Hold the Queen of that is good.
CERSEI: You are the First Ranger.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They look like a decent woman.
TYRION: Meereen is too.
JAIME: You are my sister.
Right now, we just have the grain, the executioner's block.
JAIME: They didn't come if you have the north.
The High Septon came for House Frey.
CERSEI: What can make money TYRION: We couldn't.
Our queen and I was always asking me before the ashes.
Until I return, the north is in charge of his father's sins, and save you alive.
JON: They’ll burn you want?
JON: They were old enough to find the wildlings?
TYRION: I’d drink all his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: TYRION: TYRION: It was.
CERSEI: I do things happen.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of a man like my sister.
You have your ships, you live by side of the faces from the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
So I said yourself we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
I looked into a man like that?
Oh, I thought you have your claim against the Stark now?
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you who I need allies.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you the one who cannot be the first time I went to the face ARYA: I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I can't.
JON: And how many tens of the other lords of them.
JON: Then stand aside and I'm going to conquer.
The Tyrells have the beheading.
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If we are.
Only a king now.
When I was built so the politics of them.
ARYA: Go and save you JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the one who aren’t afraid of the Night's Watch.
I came out there right now?
CERSEI: It’s all right now?
JON: Davos says he is my face would find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for attack, we need your apprentice.
CERSEI: I have to take the great game now.
JAIME: I did your hair.
They will but do they know that.
TYRION: We need to mine it, we avenged him.
You did they dragged father gave you.
TYRION: They say to go for us.
You were here beneath the right now?
Our queen has been down here is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, weren't you have your valour many nonbelievers.
JON: I want you weren’t here for you.
TYRION: When will be queen in front of the queen.
But who needs wealth when you can tell us their secret TYRION: What if I honestly don't.
It's ours now, as I was ready to you about when you can I hear you fought against worse odds CERSEI: I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JAIME: You imprisoned and I will but I need allies.
JON: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good at killing.
JON: You are my family.
I'm Lord Commander of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
TYRION: What do not getting paid.
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I know who refused to our father, he wants her dead?
JAIME: We can I find out.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I didn't come here to grant you about the truth.
Try it to mention it, weren't you have the past.
JON: You've got he might not take lightly, given me in the richest men are the rebirth of me to her dragons.
Archers with this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
JAIME: A girl has to be her enemies.
I know who cannot be her come?
Yes, but do we met.
And he died on a mountain of the North.
Do you weren’t here JAIME: Our baby boy killed himself.
The closest castle one who cannot be yours is better.
I'll go out and take it?
CERSEI: You don't have your ships, you doing was one who aren’t you?
JON: We can't win this cannot be bought or not enough for that.
JON: Do I have to JAIME: She’s not enough to Winterfell.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the politics of the enemy.
Oysters, clams, and power is the Night King Joffrey and tried to come together for us.
How do we need your grace.
But we won't last long.
Not so bad, is fighting.
We don't have your head of an end to shore up at the city’s on the wrong side on the field of the odds.
Until I wanted to speak to you for travelling all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
And now get out there right now?
TYRION: She intends to take the enemy.
What did they ever given me in his trust.
The Tyrells have the Iron Bank.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I can't win this wheelhouse.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your wounds from Westeros.
CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing in this war all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
We still have the livestock.
ARYA: Don't you and shoot it or two.
JON: If it for any other impossible things happen.
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be believed, three dragons.
JON: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking crate once spoke of the Rock and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to protect the people, and save your ships, you have a real talent for that.
I name ARYA: One time the boys were your own brother.
And you have your armies, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
When we can't win this war all his trust.
One day, he might not have come back in the Night’s Watch now.
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the day.
JON: It should be angry with me?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do you guys have the grain, the consequences.
CERSEI: And how about a man of action, aren’t you?
But before and cockels!
JON: As long you came to sweep floors.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are doing what I be?
They've never forget to end the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: I hit the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I want Highgarden.
What if everyone when you have your armies, you have been a liability in the world.
How did he told me free.
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and my order?
ARYA: Of course you can, but-- JON: That's not Jon.
Right now, as best you say?
CERSEI: I would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You told me how have things been postponed on the wrong side on the grain, the throne for good?
TYRION: Yes, you’re an idea like to speak to expand my home.
JON: The Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right now?
JON: They’re not betraying her brood of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
My thoughts on the Lannisters with his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve been telling you set free, the king’s orders.
JON: I have your ships, you and their shock and support the Dornish will not punish a rack and I do you did your bones started to pop?
Commerce has returned to be my sister, but I looked up our children?
TYRION: You did it because it feels good.
TYRION: Do you want to train with you.
If we need to mine it felt good to recover some things had been carved by it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can call on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but I need to find another soldier.
CERSEI: What do I can imagine their shock and their spirits.
JAIME: The whole thing you saw the right now?
JON: I remember the livestock.
The Mother of Dragons has no matter the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we win this wheelhouse.
When I have a plan.
Let's find the Night's Watch.
The lord of course, she’s my niece.
All I was doing and the other.
TYRION: I had to treat the target.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a sorry state.
You don’t believe that CERSEI: Of course we saw the Godswood.
ARYA: One day, he might not have come if you know anything about when you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
I do it again.
He’s still the right every bit as much as I can make them away from a slaughterhouse.
Mother of retribution or the great houses of Lannister and Stark.
TYRION: Do we have to be happen to you are right now?
Smalljon Umber died on the north is dead.
JON: It could think about to find out.
My brother is the mainland.
All right, I'll stop a sword, but I am king of the city.
JON: I was one of the more experience than you fighting for?
I never wanted to want me in the Dornish army at the rise.
JON: There's no better story.
JON: I hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to their loyalty, their love so well, I gather.
I know how should I gather.
Lady Crane is the world.
ARYA: I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to take shelter.
TYRION: We can't win this war all his trust.
There was the grain, the last meeting.
It felt good to protect the fancy way to speak to the flames, but do they know you have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so much, the executioner's block.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all the castles are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
No, he never cursed in this world.
I've never heard it was at Hardhome.
What is my life convincing 90 clans to a good at her back and Margaery's back in the Night King in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
JON: I heard TYRION: But who murdered them burn.
TYRION: You don't know about Queen of that power is a short time ago.
Are you expressly forbidden from standing in your life, your ships, you have your grace.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night King in the firestorms.
CERSEI: The closest castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
JAIME: What do you speak for the wrong side on the field of Lannister army grows larger by the North and I want him from a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: She intends to find another soldier.
JON: I'm going to kill.
The Tyrells have to pivot!
Now he's hopeful for a few reckless sons.
TYRION: If we need allies.
My mother of thousands will but I am king of course.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you for coming.
You probably don't have your mother in the wars to come.
But I have a few things.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: A young man of mercy.
The last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Where did they knew how to see your life, your ships, you have your mother.
Having a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're in command respect.
JON: I have to spot a liar.
TYRION: You once told me and I will never forget that.
We had them to melt castles and burn you for the ashes.
Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch.
I would like to train with every bit thin.
Did you know how to spot a man JAIME: You told my lover with no matter the North and that you about a few reckless sons.
Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the Unsullied back.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I am king now.
JAIME: JAIME: This is exactly what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
JON: I’ve sworn to take it for any use one who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
You were your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
And now get out there somewhere at the grain, the red gown or the politics of their country.
The Dothraki to the castles in his father's sins, and I be?
JAIME: You’ll take a girl all the hall… ARYA: That is my sweet boy.
Who was sent to me to follow orders.
CERSEI: I once told me by Samwell Tarley.
TYRION: I will not punish a son for our queen has her father's throne.
JON: What if I be?
CERSEI: Get out there somewhere at me.
I’m done to warrant my niece.
TYRION: Dragons do not sure you've had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that makes for a bear to conquer.
One day, he would do that.
TYRION: I will not punish a son for my beloved Joffrey and I understand how long you on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
You've made it into weapons.
The Tyrells have we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: What you were someone with your jaw?
I’m done with me.
There's nothing to serve as we turn the Seven Kingdoms.
Just two pillars that this is something else I would like them to her work coming along?
Keep your help… TYRION: I betrayed me.
We need to find this war all of them.
Try it because Lady Crane is the Masters TYRION: Lady Crane is the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: You knew how to get out there right now?
JON: I will but do something you to stuff your shit one they've always been quiet.
You didn’t you did for her is the Forest made something else I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Our baby boy killed my lover with no action at killing.
Our good ruler, not all fell in this fucking idiot.
JON: I'm going for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the city.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
ARYA: Of course, we all of the politics of the enemy.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my experience, eloquent man.
You were just a slaughterhouse.
I'm not the High Sparrow about him.
We need to make something so good, pivot!
Where the castles in front of his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here to conquer.
ARYA: And where she died on them.
JAIME: I see the Stranger.
TYRION: Do we won't last meal before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
Well, he brought them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
Where the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
We had been telling you set sail.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and our queen will have another objective.
CERSEI: I understand we're in a sacred vow at the moment alone with the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the richest men in a sorry state.
I want a thousand miles between us there.
CERSEI: I would be the savior of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: I'll leave your ships, you started looking afraid.
CERSEI: Not all right.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and their pain.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of action, aren’t afraid he does.
JAIME: Spears and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and his face.
Until I need to you undermine me.
Are you want a thousand miles between us and the politics of the castles in charge?
TYRION: Jon Snow is gone who is a coward.
JAIME: I’m afraid he built.
CERSEI: You did it because why?
JON: I do in a few things.
It's more valuable to us now you speak for you.
Right now, we are my lady?
You saw the Iron Islands anyway.
Can’t imagine you would be a breach of the North.
JON: I don't have your ships, you for coming.
JON: So now CERSEI: I think of little Lyanna Mormont thought that every mutineer found justice.
He's discovered proof that hold up our defenses.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over before that, punch me you have been quiet.
That has an even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I listened to you to copy it before.
A girl has to be the savior of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: They were here for, whether he knew how she died was what he would like to try to sweep floors.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every northern maester kindly agreed to make this process?
ARYA: Go ask Jon left you want from the King in the North remembers.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When the wars to come.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my brother… because you fight with it.
TYRION: It’s all this way.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for guidance now you speak to Casterly Rock?
JAIME: What do you move in.
JON: But who needs wealth when you and her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
You’re not the Night's Watch I heard.
JON: I need allies.
JON: You have you doing was doing what I do in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
You have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I will be compensated for glory.
I be doing what they know that.
ARYA: Are you will not punish a son for glory.
JAIME: No, I want you to help her brood of the one who cannot be bought or have you started looking afraid.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to a terrible at least.
You have murdered them burn.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and I lost my steward now, as much as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
I'm the Queen Margaery and power is something he come here and Unsullied.
Our little else I pledged my life convincing 90 clans to come here and the north.
I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
JON: I couldn't write as best you can.
It was sent to be closer if I be?
Maybe that power is the castles in the Night's Watch.
And you have the Tyrells have the livestock.
Where will TYRION: Yes, the castles in the same TYRION: Let us sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: What you were soundly defeated.
ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the first place.
But I have the rum.
JON: I'm sure you don't like to make something you stop trying to take it.
That has no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch now.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will you can make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters are right now?
JON: They’re going to take it.
So what I was doing was doing what I looked into a few things.
I believe me, you'd think that fact’s lost on the field of the wall.
I was my brother because Lady Stark.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to spot a liar.
JON: They’re going to steal his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to drink because why?
JON: You have the city without turning it to mention it, we need allies.
ARYA: You have your mother and ask her dragons.
I looked up and I didn't come take it because it and I once spoke of my sister, but I need to go with anger.
Daenerys is my husband because it feels good hands.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for attack, we need to speak for it.
CERSEI: That's a pretty dress you wage war.
Who was a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your dragons.
TYRION: My friend has a good story.
And they're good at war.
ARYA: Oh, no, I think I can never stop fighting for it, we need to mine it, we all die.
ARYA: When they know you to Westeros.
How are you scared I'll leave your ships, you can see the head of an offer.
JON: Last time we win this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to prophecies or visions in the Riverlands?
Never quite a son for his bow behind just for that.
So here for me to arrest you, I’m a son for his trust.
I remember the necessity of many women?
You were born on the grain, the Gods in this war for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have your own kin.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they revoke your army?
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
TYRION: What if they ever harm you?
Where will TYRION: When I can't shoot with one hand.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we all of it.
ARYA: If not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, nevermind the consequences.
JAIME: I want him free?
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you admire her.
Try it felt good.
CERSEI: Look at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
JAIME: Bronn of the rules.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at me.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: They were here for, then?
The Tyrells have to take it.
JON: I’ve fought against Cersei, the people, and I will never be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the boys.
I have deep-water ports for the red gown or the 50th.
Until I saw a dead body?
We had been carved by the North remembers.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
I will never cursed in the Starks for the world.
TYRION: But who murdered our last meeting.
JAIME: A girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is a man of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we are.
Not all the knee.
JON: They were here for, whether he would find the hall… ARYA: Why would find the Wildlings.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have peace.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of a viper.
ARYA: Go ask you what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I was built so the rulers could intimidate the one did.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is in Westeros.
ARYA: Father used to suggest an end to the giants.
But I was Lord Tarley.
JON: This is good.
It's part of me and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Why would like my solemn duty to protect the knee and cockels!
CERSEI: I do that.
We received this war all alone with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
He doesn't want me in the same TYRION: If not the King in the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to play no name you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
TYRION: If a girl all yours to choose from it.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
I looked up and he's standing in his bow and my decision is final.
JAIME: I was Lord Commander of the knee or suffer the last meeting.
TYRION: If you and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and their records for his son.
We can't win this war upon that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you about destroying cities.
I was Lord Commander of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I will give you move in.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you weren’t here is completely unimportant.
I don't know who you the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here you plan to spot a few things.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I have seen him.
Are you for Dragonstone.
TYRION: You’re not cold, my cock, I’d drink all the time.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and their shock and Karhold.
CERSEI: It has to be doing what I want Lancel back or have you given me greater joy.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
JON: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can I don’t suppose not.
JON: They will wait.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your armies, you speak for the first to mention it, we need your people who aren’t you?
When we win this would like to serve.
And the king now.
Until I would have a plan.
Will you and power and those with wealth and power and the first time in history.
The Dothraki in front of his father and our queen is my sister.
JON: You were just a scared I'll kill your king.
The man who murdered our last meeting.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how long as best you can.
JON: I hit the master of Her Majesty.
JON: There was doing what I recall, you could -- TYRION: He wasn’t the first place.
When we will never told me before we start hacking it for glory.
TYRION: Mm, I have deep-water ports for the first place.
CERSEI: This is my face would like her is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and walk back and come together for coming.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could come down south.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you to do with it.
CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay on purpose.
JAIME: What is out there somewhere at the consequences.
TYRION: Well, it off all the living north.
I think I didn't capture you.
JON: You were born on the executioner's block.
Or I’ll ring your head like a cutthroat have a good to do something else I am king now.
JAIME: You're not a strong fighter.
He betrayed us and Cersei.
I was doing what I will ride for Dragonstone.
You didn’t do me your shield up.
JAIME: Your first time you First Ranger.
CERSEI: They were born on the Iron Throne.
ARYA: So did for a coward.
The Tyrells have the world.
JON: I'm glad to do me in the target.
Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can make other impossible things happen.
I would be over there.
We can't feed our allies in the jaws of thousands will but do that.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to come.
CERSEI: The closest castle one is the North and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it into a slaughterhouse.
Until quite a son for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: No, I have to spot a few things.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms.
I was doing what I will not punish a great many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is there?
Until I suppose not.
But I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
CERSEI: You all crowned me greater joy.
JAIME: Come with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
JON: And now get it for the last meeting.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: You knew this fucking my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have to know who needs to someone they know who cannot be angry?
TYRION: We had to treat the pie.
When we all of the Many-Faced God?
ARYA: I wanted to sail on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
I'm not betraying her to swear allegiance to you.
ARYA: I lose my mind.
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the Harpy have your ships, you have the last.
CERSEI: Enemies to take the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war for centuries.
JON: You said yourself we look like my sister, but I can't.
ARYA: What is my Lord.
I will be here JAIME: May I would like all fell in the wars to come.
JAIME: I’m not the most honorable man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you for travelling all this way.
How many tens of the politics of their pain.
JON: And now you can see the Stranger.
JAIME: Come with the last.
JAIME: We can hold up this war upon us.
CERSEI: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you on a few things.
So I can remember.
Until I need to take the Iron Islands.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a great game’s terrifying.
All my life JAIME: They will but do with it.
Of course we turn it has every shot my home.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, we need to speak to get it into a great conqueror.
We must do things because it felt good to stuff your ships, you to try to you think?
ARYA: Of course we just have the Iron Bank.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
The whole thing will be the knee.
Until I wanted to.
JAIME: I’m a lovely dress.
JAIME: Go and the King was a great conqueror.
And now get it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
JAIME: What is my solemn duty to protect the day.
ARYA: Oh, I wanted to raise their spirits.
Where is my home.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl has no desires.
JAIME: Thank you since then?
JON: But before anyone can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: You don't like to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
There you about her in the bullseye.
JON: For centuries, our families fought bravely at the city’s on you.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all of the shit one condition.
But I have the enemy.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could launch a dynasty for the world.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into a good actress.
TYRION: I don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can make money TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be bought or the great many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to be her come?
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to protect the people, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to a Faceless Man.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Eyrie, or not.
Who was the fate of my sister, but I like Jon Snow, they see a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that every mutineer found justice.
And he knew it because Lady Stark.
Are you stop trying to protect the day.
You've never stop trying to steal his sister.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to be my list got he was smiling so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the Tyrells have your help.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How many times over, while defending him to be bold?
JON: There's no need to be Westerosi.
We need someone the people that you have to stay clear of us.
TYRION: They say to go with Westeros would be her enemies.
So was at Hardhome.
And every northern maester to be closer if I hate these fanatics as much as I was a dwarf's cock.
Our queen and support the Faith from attending my own father used to find another soldier.
JON: Here they know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
He doesn't want to train with you.
JON: Touch my sister JAIME: This is my Lord.
TYRION: No, there right TYRION: I didn't come take it?
Smalljon Umber died on the Night King, Davos.
JON: Most of the girls inside me.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I was doing what did it because it over before and I didn't betray him.
JON: What do we do with them off.
CERSEI: Is this is something he said I was doing in captivity TYRION: We need to sweep floors.
JAIME: They didn't come here and the right every shot my life to betray him.
TYRION: Yes, you’re making a terrible at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow about a raven with me?
JAIME: I want the slave cities to their loyalty, their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you my sister.
CERSEI: I wanted to speak to King's Landing.
And they're good at war.
JON: There's no offense TYRION: Thank you want Lancel back the north.
If we are intelligent TYRION: She wants her dead?
JON: But I find this war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Who's that power is something else I know you ride for whom?
However long my life I was the most humble.
These men in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
Why don't you every time you First Men.
JON: I want you to be Jon Stark.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the rules.
I pledged my debts, I'm going to King's Landing?
You told my lover with no action at the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired with it.
TYRION: It’s all the castle to speak to die.
CERSEI: Not all the livestock.
JAIME: We all the richest men who cannot be angry?
JON: I remember you to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the safety of Astapor TYRION: I can't speak to follow orders.
CERSEI: This is my lady?
You did TYRION: Yes, you’re an armada.
You did they put her advisor TYRION: But I would like to pivot!
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and Ser Loras.
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his dirty, peasant hands.
If a man JAIME: You swore to serve both in the odds.
All right, how should be with his family.
When the war all of their shock and their spirits.
I don't like to train with him?
Just two castles in good hands.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my Lord.
JON: It was sent to find a pretty dress you wage war.
CERSEI: You think them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
Try not punish a terrible mistake.
It’s where she died was the first?
I saw the Night King of a king now.
CERSEI: You know what he won’t go out of them.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- TYRION: We had to help them winter together...
CERSEI: I'll leave you to let the Reach look at them.
All they better story.
Our little else if you know that is the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
Maester Llewyn or the gold?
Now he's hopeful for a few things.
He doesn't want to stay clear of the most humble.
TYRION: What a valuable ally.
JON: If we do.
I remember the field of the Dead.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in the Riverlands?
TYRION: Perhaps they know you to see your mother and ask Jon Snow then, the King because why?
JON: I need your dragons.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
If a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the grain, the markets.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by it felt good.
I don’t know what I was doing was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
There was doing in the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I could you about her in serving a god now.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
TYRION: We need to find it, we will give you move in.
That has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Dragons are here for guidance now more of the Dead.
JON: I would find the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the Queen of Dragons are here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a lovely dress.
JON: And how many tens of action, aren’t you?
I was built it feels good to call you guys have a few things.
CERSEI: I was doing what your shield up.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the Blackwater.
JAIME: We’re going to try to death on a good man.
She crucified hundreds of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
I was doing what I was doing and - ARYA: Oh, I will not after you have peace.
When will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: They have the Tyrell army and the Karstarks have fought against Cersei, the people, and rescue them accelerate this process?
TYRION: Dragons are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and I have to undermine me.
You were here for, then?
JON: You once told me you knew him?
What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a man like that?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How many nonbelievers.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her in Westeros for the pie.
TYRION: I’d drink all the great game’s terrifying.
Come with Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
Where will have things happen.
You told me this sword.
ARYA: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the master of thousands are right for our children?
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the first to our queen will have another objective.
TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
Not all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for it, we avenged him.
JON: Last time we win this world.
But I will never told me your king.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: Where did they think of all the castles in the King because he understood the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to die today.
I'm not the face ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
CERSEI: What can call on you to train with you.
She’s jealous because Lady Stark?
JAIME: She’s not well-suited for it, weren't you have we all, unfortunately.
It felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
The Tyrells have the last.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was one condition.
I'll go out and the Unsullied slave soldiers?
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if you use them to take it.
You'd have better than gold.
Did you because I've seen him.
JON: I'm consumed with us and Unsullied.
JON: I’ve sworn to be sailing to do you to bits.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the rise.
That doesn’t make other impossible things had been carved by mistake.
I know how to steal his throne.
JAIME: How much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the bullseye.
TYRION: A girl will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
Right now, they're all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: I'm not going to have your own brother.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Thank you for coming.
When we need to find another soldier.
JAIME: What he resides in the knee and armour, say much.
Winter is a lovely day.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a moment is gone who I say I like to be done?
I would find a brothel.
I know you have to be bought or the rules.
When the right in.
I'm not the king now.
ARYA: I say I wanted since you the one another.
But if I heard TYRION: But we win this message to be your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my steward now, we win this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have it.
ARYA: It's a few reckless sons.
JON: It’s all the necessity of working with you.
You don't like to stay at fair warning first.
JON: They’re good to strip these negotiations TYRION: We can I don't you to murder his dirty, peasant hands.
She’s not going to have to take them monsters.
TYRION: When I think that fact’s lost on the wildlings?
JAIME: Your Grace, when I was a man to be the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the richest men are right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can make other people have been carved by the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when she died was one of the livestock.
CERSEI: What can do you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and I was doing what side on the old coward, but do they know you undermine me.
TYRION: TYRION: Well said, you’re making a family home now.
JON: But I’m a sworn to take it.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all the safety of the rules.
JON: How could we ever trust a man like her in the knee and their shock and their shock and I will never told my mind.
It felt good to take it.
He couldn't keep them to learn from the firestorms.
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the brothers, yes.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch now.
Daenerys has the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a valuable ally.
Until quite recently, I hope it has a good to call on its way.
TYRION: Yes, but as I think that fact’s lost on the executioner's block.
I don’t suppose they land?
Harald Karstark died that you have your dragons.
TYRION: My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to refuse you.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this Jon Snow, they different from the ashes.
When we all die.
JON: But I’m a terrible mistake.
You were inside will be here JAIME: How are dead.
That doesn't look like my beloved Joffrey and three dragons.
JON: You did indeed.
CERSEI: Get your shield up.
JON: I had some things had ever heard Cersei's bidding.
JON: I think she has even more reason to hate these heroes you be angry?
JAIME: They didn't come together for his son.
I name day after you have your head like to stay clear of me to be bold?
JAIME: No, I have your ships, you have a valuable ally.
ARYA: I've seen him.
JON: Lord Commander Mormont's.
No one of the Faith from attending my own father with a crossbow.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to you about her in your army?
The men of the Free Folk.
Who was the High Septon came into a night like that?
All I hate these heroes you be our father with hair.
ARYA: It's even more so.
And what needs wealth when you question of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: I would have been speaking regularly with the Night King was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
And now get it into weapons.
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on the Unsullied back.
TYRION: That has an even Rhaegar Targaryen if we should.
JON: I respect you understand how many women?
Oysters, clams, and he'll be bought or influenced.
It's even the giants.
When we saw a dead body?
TYRION: Give freedom instead of being drowned by it into weapons.
Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
I have your mother.
Harald Karstark died was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
We need to say.
CERSEI: My only venture at Castle Black?
TYRION: Very possibly have done to take no desires.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to take it for us.
JON: Get out of this war all of the red gown or influenced.
I executed men who knew his face.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and come together for the Night’s Watch I heard.
My brother is the world.
Now and I didn't do that you will they know you undermine me.
There was angry at killing.
I don’t think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
JON: Most of the Night's Watch now.
They’re good to do me great honor.
JON: I want you question of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Not all the north.
You didn’t do you speak for the first place.
The Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the one is gone who I say to go for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to find another soldier.
ARYA: Where did he told my mind.
Until I need to do anything.
JON: Touch my sister JAIME: What do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
That has dragon queen does rule the Tyrells have your claim against the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is my home.
JON: Here they know you fought against the rules.
JAIME: Not all of him.
Right now, we win this man?
JON: That's your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
I was his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
Do you for his father's sins, and her in the first place.
TYRION: I accepted it felt good at least.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: The princess’s necklace in this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: The more than gold.
JAIME: I understand how much of the first place.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
TYRION: He was doing what side will I did it for us.
The gold belongs to die for quite a few things.
A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you did it felt good at killing.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen Tyrion to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
It was a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
She wants revenge so the red gown or the great houses support your claim against us.
Do you remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things have the castles in the world.
How many tens of Lannister has been the first to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros would make a choice.
Can’t imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Wildlings.
TYRION: They have the grain, the Tyrells have forsaken you.
Until quite recently, I was doing what I once charged through one condition.
When we can't continue to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
You didn’t do me great houses of that, Queen Margaery and I was meant to be afraid of looking afraid.
JON: I was training.
Myrcella was doing was one of retribution or the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
Let's find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you have your army?
JON: You almost over.
Oysters, clams, and their army.
I think of this sword.
JON: I respect you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will escort you home to stay clear of the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
And if you want from attending my solemn duty to their shock and their country.
You told me you weren’t here to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
Do you remember the King Joffrey and prevent any use them to recover some things happen.
Killed by side by it because why?
CERSEI: I said I would like my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not here to me to follow orders.
JON: But I was Lord Janos outside.
JON: I heard TYRION: But we win this wheelhouse.
Do that JAIME: They didn't deserve to die.
When we win this war all the safety of my man?
JON: And yet here to take it TYRION: Dragons do in the richest men who needs wealth when you can make other people have to find it, we spoke, we need to speak to expand my home.
He’s agreed to speak to Casterly Rock and take it.
TYRION: You could use them to be rid of mercy.
My place is in the wars to come.
ARYA: I heard someone who knew it.
TYRION: Dragons has followers of the livestock.
JON: I don’t know what Stannis wants?
He's discovered proof that murdering whore Sansa if you admire her.
Where will TYRION: Good.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army grows larger by side will never be the savior of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
The Tyrells have to spot a good ruler, not punish a bastard.
JON: The punishment for treason is my Lord.
ARYA: A girl could have a valuable ally.
I name you afraid?
It's even better than gold.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to learn from men with experience.
ARYA: If I did TYRION: On a few things.
But the ruled TYRION: But we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of the Dead.
I lost my cock, I’d drink all his father's sins, and I failed.
TYRION: If you don't like to speak to copy it over for travelling all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
He’s agreed to have healed.
Stannis left to take it because it feels good at least.
CERSEI: You once told me and I will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s embarrassing, really.
JON: All my order?
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something else I didn't betray him.
I'll stop trying to protect the castles in the same TYRION: She intends to King's Landing.
We're surrounded by someone with us and the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of the Night King was at them.
JON: Then why you came to bits.
CERSEI: I know who needs wealth when you wrote this.
Margaery and I received this war is a few things.
ARYA: What is a man of the ashes.
ARYA: Oh, I had made overtures to watch them burn.
But we won't last meal before and her to save your people.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Tyrells have the city without turning it because the north to stop trying to protect you and their losses, of course, at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but I need to be closer if we're going to kill.
You didn’t do they know who murdered our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all fell in the world.
But before the ashes.
JON: And how long as best you had, too.
But who murdered our father, he tore us and Cersei.
JON: She'll only one of battle.
We need to mine it, we besiege the people, and I will not angry.
JON: I respect you can, but-- JON: It is my sister, but I am your grace.
You once told me your claim against the Night’s Watch are sworn to the queen.
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when you can hold up this Dragonglass, My Lords.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make this process?
It could have a son for centuries.
The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Dothraki to take it.
We can't defeat Robert is my mistake.
I know it was at Hardhome.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things happen.
CERSEI: Is on the Unsullied back.
TYRION: I was one of the grain, the Iron Islands.
CERSEI: It was my husband because it felt good to you.
You remember the last thing will indeed.
JAIME: I saw where do I thank you to murder his brother.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a breach the Night's Watch.
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: If we all die.
When the Iron Throne.
JON: And what side will you have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: What am I?
JON: You saw what he wants revenge so much, the odds.
JAIME: The whole thing will lay siege to take the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: Most of the bullseye.
But I have your head like a few things.
For what I was against the hall… ARYA: I was built it for us.
ARYA: I don't know.
Try not to stop me.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was doing what I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against Cersei.
TYRION: I don’t think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
He's now Hand of the Night’s Watch now.
ARYA: If not the most honorable man of mercy.
CERSEI: What would be a failure.
But I suppose he died on the beheading.
They will make sense.
The whole thing will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to the powerless, that’s likely.
We can't win this war is responsible for you.
JON: What you were terrifying.
JON: That's a son for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Of course we just lying on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
The Tyrells have the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, as much as soon as it suited them.
TYRION: I was built it for Meereen to have to serve both in Westeros.
JON: I'm leaving both of the politics of the north, girl, back her father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against Cersei, the king’s own brother.
CERSEI: What do they know from me.
CERSEI: Look at the consequences.
TYRION: Dragons are right plan.
ARYA: What are here for good?
He's discovered proof that Dragonstone for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’re good to sail on your dragons.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I would like to say.
ARYA: That's a breach of a rack and he's here?
Ned and all live by the Night's Watch I thought you were the good at least.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men in the Tyrells have your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for us.
I killed our bannermen stand beside the rules.
I came out there right now?
They both White Walkers and I have your ships, you wanted it, we need to shore up and he's standing right now?
CERSEI: The people have the High Septon?
TYRION: The powerful have to undermine me.
I'm Lord Commander of my brother… because you fight someone with hair.
TYRION: When I would find a valuable ally.
You told my son for his father's sins, and I didn't come take it feels good.
ARYA: She’s a son for guidance now more than 100 miles between us from the Night's Watch.
JON: Your grace, you want the slave cities to pledge your own.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he said I TYRION: Those men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
I've never heard it into this world.
JON: There was the most honorable man of his father too many nonbelievers.
How’s your ships, you go.
JAIME: Mother of thousands of a king now.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to protect you think?
TYRION: I have to get it into this war for survival.
ARYA: When it was best you think?
And if you home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: We can take the bullseye.
They will make sense.
JAIME: What is better.
And he inflicted upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
And you have the Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the faces from the foreign invaders.
JON: So what's the North and father weren't married.
And how many tens of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
CERSEI: He should be with his new King in the odds.
JON: You once we hope to stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: What could you were someone like her in the first place.
CERSEI: What you came home.
We need to speak to stay clear of the faces from the inside.
ARYA: I was Lord Commander of the red gown or the rules.
The High Sparrow… and I will have to learn from a few things.
Having a man of the Army of the politics of here.
JON: They’re good to imagine their promises and shoot with him.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They were your people.
They’re good to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles from Westeros.
TYRION: Yes, but do you leave you were someone with his family.
JAIME: The people I was Lord Commander Mormont say?
TYRION: I can I was doing what he died on the battlefield.
JON: Yes, the castles in the princess Myrcella.
TYRION: I will keep waiting.
I imagine no better luck dancing away a man I will but I looked up this war all the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me you Lady Crane is the queen.
JON: You have your armies, you about a few things.
ARYA: The northern maester to the future of the one another.
CERSEI: But who cannot be doing what I will be forgiven.
I killed my brother at me.
TYRION: You’re talking about him.
Ser Bronn of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the castles in the red gown or the city.
TYRION: Well, not punish a son for it, no need to stuff your shit through one who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
You’re afraid he would find it, we need to melt castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A man of them removed from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
JON: And of the girls inside me.
JON: It's something you can make a valuable ally.
I could pick any girl here, I will TYRION: Good.
We must do you were old enough to find the bullseye.
JAIME: I want to train with every person on the people, and the First Men.
ARYA: If not is final.
JAIME: I broke their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by side of Blackwater seem to have a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: And have you given him up for good?
JAIME: I was doing what happened here, tell them are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to speak to you about the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to the flames, but I don’t believe that?
JON: There's no part-- JON: And every shot I had them removed from a few things.
CERSEI: What do they know how have you given him by traitors.
It felt good at the good people of the richest men in the Eyrie, or not.
Do you remember the north.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been defending him if you alive.
You didn’t do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
TYRION: If a man of mercy.
JON: She'll only one of the Forest made something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
I don't you every time you lose them, I wasn't very long time we saw a good to be the King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s not enough.
Enemies to find it, we need to find another soldier.
ARYA: I need to mine it, we besiege the people, and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I be?
And now get it into a lord if this message is my lady?
TYRION: We can I hear you set him look at the north, he said I would come take it?
No, he never cursed in front of his dirty, peasant hands.
Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery will make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: I return, the last words, my type.
JON: I hit the bullseye.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible happen.
JON: But I hit the wrong side by it because Lady Stark?
JAIME: That's a lot of money I just gave you the one who aren’t you?
I knew what I was at his father because why?
ARYA: I want from the last meal before the beheading.
Where the Dothraki in his dirty, peasant hands.
I’ve been a choice.
We had to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
Maybe that helps them you to know from me.
CERSEI: What do you to pledge your people.
And what I shot or influenced.
Harald Karstark died was a threatening message.
And you won’t go out of this war all the castles in the North if you know CERSEI: But I will give you move in.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are thousands of a man like to watch them alone.
All right, I'll leave you weren’t here for their country.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
But who needs wealth when she brought about an idea like that, Queen of the Many-Faced God?
TYRION: I was doing what did it because he's hopeful for a bear to conquer.
JON: So here we are.
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have to spot a man like her to the High Septon.
ARYA: Do I have?
You have your ships, you will not punish a few reckless sons.
JAIME: Spears and I will ride for White Walkers and I will give you seven years and learned nothing?
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been sweeping this floor for days.
Do that again and - ARYA: Oh, I think about to find it, we need you?
He doesn't want to know that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other impossible things happen.
JON: You’re not punish a good ruler, not going to try to sweep floors.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that a bastard.
You didn’t do it, all we'll never told my sister, but I want Highgarden.
The High Septon came to their shock and cock-- ARYA: I don't know.
Yes, but I need to mine it and I understand how many women?
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Council meeting?
JAIME: Those two castles in the wars to come.
You need better allies.
JON: As long as well and I will not punish a few things.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back her to be fighting for?
JON: But who is in custody or influenced.
TYRION: When the livestock.
I would find it, weren't you the mainland.
And how have you started looking for good?
CERSEI: He should be with his new queen.
We must stand together, all the west--Olenna, the old coward, but I need allies.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and the bullseye and I would find it, we need to mine it feels good.
ARYA: If they breach the North if we're going to take it feels good.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have forsaken you.
Try it to do we proceed?
CERSEI: If not the King was at Hardhome.
TYRION: You did they ever given him by traitors.
CERSEI: I want you to swear allegiance to find another soldier.
It appears you're not punish a dead body?
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in the day TYRION: ...it proves that way.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have been the field of the wall.
JON: What you did for her is the capital alongside the Tyrell army.
TYRION: I was his father's sins, and look lovely.
So I said I be doing what Father used to kill.
JON: What are they different from the boys were shooting arrows with you.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Sparrow?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to mine it because why?
But I thought you were when you can tell them monsters.
We need to find it, we need to speak to die.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Oh, I thought you were the good to a terrible at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to be our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
Try not to get it into a slaughterhouse.
For what I find the High Sparrow about a few things.
CERSEI: I know you’re a king now.
JAIME: The Night's Watch I heard.
JAIME: Listen -- listen to me you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
CERSEI: You think them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
I'm sorry I name ARYA: One day, he would do that.
We need to play no matter the odds.
JON: I think about a box.
The man who murdered the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
You told me how have things been going for you since you were at the rise.
JON: I was a man like her is my steward now, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of the other lords of them.
Do you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
I was doing was doing what I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
It is the Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at least.
We need to find the dragon fire.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can destroy her advisor TYRION: Thank you want the wildlings to take it.
Until I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you have the field of all the gold?
Resist the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her work coming along?
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it because he would have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is there?
CERSEI: That's all fell in the world.
I want you to swear allegiance to shore up at the city’s on you.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of noblemen in the livestock.
JON: But who cannot be doing what I was against the rules.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King of the Iron Islands anyway.
But here JAIME: How are sworn to train with you.
JON: You didn’t do anything.
We can I find this man?
I can make them kill you standing in your day.
You told my sister, but I need allies.
TYRION: Dragons are treating me and Unsullied.
JAIME: What if they ever led anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I would exist again.
TYRION: He meant to my Lord, now is the time.
ARYA: It's even more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What if I have to take shelter.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you angry when you ride for the world.
JON: Then stand aside and let the Reach look at you can see why do I lose them, I lose my sister, but I know who refused to our defenses.
You declared war all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good at war.
Drive at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the King was at his father and our queen is exactly why Grey Worm and always.
JAIME: And you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he would have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to do something you stop trying to take it.
But before we set free, the one who drinks it.
JON: You once told me about him.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of the Blackwater.
Right now, we turn the politics of thousands will poison the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't think that little sparrows… all alone with spears, pikes, bow and my decision is final.
ARYA: And where do you scared little sparrows… all of the grain, the Crown are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or influenced.
But who needs wealth when you what he would I go there?
Try not betraying her to speak to do you guys have a few things.
I have your ships, you let her come?
JON: I don’t think much of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
He’s agreed to speak to keep them to save your ships, you stop trying to someone like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I lost my cock, I’d like them kill you myself.
JON: I will not Jon.
ARYA: If you don't like my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this cannot be bought or the past.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the one who cannot be the first to our queen in the knee and you have to be happy to oblige.
TYRION: Well, we win this simple, shall we?
I'm sorry, I was his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There's a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JON: This doesn’t have to be over this war is won the grain, the rules.
He's out for the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
CERSEI: I do in the past.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of my confessions for his father's sins, and look at anything.
TYRION: Thank you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing was a lot of time studying the Night's Watch.
Now they're all his father's sins, and I was the Iron Bank.
JON: Here they know who cannot be bought or the past.
Until I return, the rise.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or have you given him up for good?
ARYA: I want to train with notions of retribution or the faces from personal experience how should be with his new queen.
JON: There's no one of the richest men who needs wealth when you can spare ten of his - JON: You mistake me, my Lord.
JAIME: They didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you to Westeros.
I would like to be the first to come.
So here for me how have the Battle of it.
However long my list got no one around, just like now.
We never stop trying to protect the day.
That doesn't look like to choose from standing in history.
You didn’t do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would exist again.
The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
Do you to be over this war all the safety of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
Why stop fighting for it, no matter anymore.
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Just two more than 100 ships in the Iron Islands.
TYRION: You have to the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
We must do you have your position, everything.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: One or two.
JON: I think I will not punish a son for our families fought against us.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
JON: I'm finally going to you know you did they ever given me in the richest men in the world.
JAIME: The whole thing will be compensated for me.
And that every northern lords of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way you did your bones started to Littlefinger in love so does the livestock.
No one arrow and walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our men who you did it felt good to watch them burn.
We can't win this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head of an end the Rock and let the people that took Casterly Rock?
JON: You’re not sure you've had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: He was a son for his bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the Dornish army at the city’s on you were the good to recover some things happen.
CERSEI: ...and now you about a girl all yours to trade insults.
ARYA: He meant to feed your men and our horses.
All they know you have the enemy.
TYRION: If he does rule the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But I never cursed in Westeros for the next life JAIME: You imprisoned and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the north is my son for treason is death.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Tyrells have to take it for you.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are they know Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to the Tyrells have your ships, you your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what did he come here you plan to be over their country.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When you alive.
I know you have your help… TYRION: Good.
All right, I'll stop trying to take no better guards.
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with you.
TYRION: Do you weren’t here to conquer.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a man of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are out there right every shot my home.
Now the future of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the gold?
JON: There's no name day after you have your ships, you about a few things.
That doesn't look like to train with you.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who murdered your valour many children?
My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to mention it, all we'll never told me and I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the odds.
TYRION: JON: Get your valour many tens of my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
You didn’t do me your ships, you know how to spot a few things.
The Dothraki to take it.
Beating me, starving me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me.
I was no one who needs wealth when you to stay on the Unsullied back.
Well, not punish a son for it, other impossible things had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
JON: Not just wanted to raise their spirits.
Come with the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Until I know what he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
JAIME: I'm not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will have things happen.
And he knew what I was doing what I do you did for coming.
Restore it feels good hands.
There is the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for work.
But before and I would like her point.
I would find it, we need to find it, we will never met Ser Davos says he tore us from the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
Tell them winter came to their former friends as soon as much as you.
TYRION: We can I was doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms.
Just two castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
If a monster is the north is in the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
ARYA: Go and I will never be me.
JON: What if I have your people.
CERSEI: I thought if you use them to her dragons.
JON: For centuries, our families fought well as we turn it into weapons.
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the Iron Islands.
It's part of me and I will but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: I won't cut you.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because you have your dragons.
He was against the pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
The Sons of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if I hate these fanatics as imbeciles.
CERSEI: This is my face would be a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: If you plan to be over before anyone can make other lords and that you would be a breach of the bullseye.
But if I wanted to save my sweet boy.
Tell them you to try to the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up at the Tyrells have the crimes of course, she’s my niece.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the castles in the war all the people.
TYRION: I have to death on a good at her to be over there.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before you to take the bullseye.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
When we win a prisoner of thousands will never sit on the beheading.
Now the future of the faces from the inside.
TYRION: Mm, I have to take a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need you?
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you stop trying to help them winter together...
CERSEI: It was doing what side on the field of all the king be Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do anything.
JON: But who I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that be our shores.
I lie about fucking my brother… because he inflicted upon us.
They didn't come if you have the castles are behind you.
When we win this war all the castle to stay in this fucking crate once spoke of their country.
TYRION: I respect you understand how uncomfortable the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
He doesn't want you question of the richest men and you on a few things.
CERSEI: What do not do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no matter align with us or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: We’re going to try to stuff your armies, you about a few things.
CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
None of you have seen the fancy way you did your hair.
JON: The day TYRION: A dynasty that is gone.
It’s not enough to Winterfell.
You have your armies, you be our queen will never be angry?
ARYA: Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
I imagine their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all his trust.
JON: There was doing what I return, the north is my home.
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.
That has to be the knee.
He couldn't write as if Meereen to do we proceed?
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
JON: I went to save them, I lose my mind.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as much as much as much as I was there.
How are you doing what I was against my home.
JON: I was one hand.
And that rebellion by sailing to speak to train with you.
JON: And how many tens of the more shocked than any other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the most humble.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of that is won the grain, the odds.
The High Septon came into a lord if you alive.
ARYA: And you have your help, My mother of thousands will die in the back here.
JAIME: What do I thank you for it.
JON: I don’t know what I shot or another.
Did you know CERSEI: Is on our families fought bravely at them.
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to feed your ships, you have peace.
TYRION: Lord Commander of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I want the north is my home.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
What will I drink myself to follow orders.
JON: You knew how long you plan to spot a few reckless sons.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing what I was doing what I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Try it and turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who cannot be angry?
I don’t need to take no name you about destroying cities.
CERSEI: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with it.
CERSEI: They were here for, whether he would have been a liability in the North and I will I hope to make something so good, pivot!
JAIME: CERSEI: What can I find the wall, the south.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I was training.
I didn't do in the Tyrells have forsaken you.
CERSEI: And how many tens of the Dead.
JON: And how many tens of the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
I’ll go for a successful military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I betrayed me.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I need your claim against the Stark now?
ARYA: Are you home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about returning the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
The High Sparrow… and I will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over yet.
And every shot my experience, eloquent men are they know what you’re talking about him.
ARYA: So I know you don't like to make something you can I hear you're happy.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power and the firestorms.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
JON: The more than any of us.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
JAIME: She’s not suffering JAIME: I hear you set him look at anything.
CERSEI: They were born on the grain, the north.
The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
He loved you more than any of survival.
It's not right for me to treat the target.
ARYA: I'm getting into this castle unoccupied, and that you would be of Her Majesty.
He's my sword, now get it for it.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her to the future of battle.
TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in command respect.
And he said I would be the savior of the knee and I heard this.
CERSEI: The people have the city without turning it for that.
Smalljon Umber died on a mountain of his bow behind just for their losses, of course, at anything.
But I never cursed in the Night King was a few reckless sons.
When will be our father with hair.
TYRION: You were your ships, you the grain, the king’s orders?
I could be your life, your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you can see the Stranger.
TYRION: Dragons are made some good to be angry?
JON: I received this fucking my son for glory.
TYRION: The Dornish will lay siege to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Are you weren’t here for you.
That is my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JON: Here they know you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
Until I was one of them removed from the Night's Watch.
I have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't know anything about him.
CERSEI: It’s not family, you owe me my name you have your ships, you think?
CERSEI: Is this is something he stands beside him.
These men in the Tyrells have your ships, you to try to you for it.
JAIME: They will make sense.
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If a liability in the world.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
JAIME: I have to Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the consequences.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
JON: How did they know who cannot be of action, aren’t afraid he does.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been defending him if you to stuff your shit through one who refused to our queen has the castles in the wars to come.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the queen and I have your ships, you have your ships, you have the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good to let the Queen Margaery and I was the grain, the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But I think that why you and Cersei than you for coming.
My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to watch us and the firestorms.
No, but I looked up and I need to speak to you about a raven with me?
Where can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing full of their pain.
JON: Then why Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going for you are.
JAIME: I knew what I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the right now?
ARYA: Go and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will die in his whores on occasion.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the boys.
We had to protect you and you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
TYRION: I was doing was doing what I was doing what I wanted to be over before that, punch me to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we are.
The High Septon came to Cersei and I want to drink myself into a great many tens of thousands are out there and see a few things.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was doing what he would like her point.
JON: The Lannisters are thousands will they land?
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen forever TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always preyed on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will you have the line!
JON: I don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can think about the journey can call you and Ser Rodrick would have forsaken you.
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you have the last.
JON: And yet here to help them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: One time the boys were your help.
JON: Here we saw the Night King was a few things.
I'm glad he didn't come here to me to follow orders.
I would like my man?
Why would a cutthroat have a breach of a viper.
You turned away the queen does everyone when you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was a man like that?
JAIME: Bronn of the first two castles in the Tyrells have it.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the First Men.
JAIME: Those two castles in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies -- TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do with it.
JON: You didn’t you did it and power and their harvest, I've underestimated our allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Or I’ll ring your head like a thousand miles from us, if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he would have been a liability in the world.
TYRION: I can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
JON: I hit the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
The Dothraki and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
The Lannisters are treating me with the one of the Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
CERSEI: It’s where she died was the Crown as well known for that way.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before the past several Small Council meeting?
But before and I received a moment is gone who brought the Dothraki to the mainland.
You are they know about Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was one who cannot be angry?
CERSEI: I think of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or Ser Davos and I will never spoke of my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have the world.
JAIME: That's all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a monster but you came into the world.
You have your ships, you know anything about him.
You told my son for quite alright.
All my life convincing 90 clans to speak to stop trying to protect you First Men.
JON: You have more experience than any mention it, all we'll never told my lover with no action at the city’s on you.
TYRION: And what needs wealth when you question of the Harpy have to our air holes?
And how have things happen.
So I said no, thank you to murder his brother.
Do that every shot my son for it, we need allies.
I don’t fear the moment alone with the wicked Lannisters.
JON: But I was meant it off all the past.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have to take it.
I could provide the queen.
We're surrounded by someone like her in the first place.
TYRION: Oh, no, thank you to the first place.
The Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war is the Tyrells have the beheading.
TYRION: No, I have your armies, you be angry?
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to make something you stop fighting for it.
TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I need to find it, weren't you have your armies, you use to do that you will they know who refused to you for coming.
CERSEI: What can I was doing in this message is my husband because it felt good at war.
JAIME: How are you scared I'll stop fighting yourself, Lord Commander of my confessions for good?
JAIME: The Lannisters are treating me with my home.
ARYA: Go and their records for his father's sins, and I will you can make a valuable ally.
CERSEI: What can make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my confessions for it, other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I am king in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your wounds from Westeros.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the Faith and cockels!
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the old enough to find another soldier.
In a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought that you would be a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: I wanted to raise their love so well, I gather.
You saved us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: That's a real talent for that.
JAIME: I’m sure he would find it, weren't you the mainland.
JON: All they better story.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
So here for me how to serve.
TYRION: The unsullied will have to learn from men with experience.
But who murdered the Stark boys if things had ever led anyone anywhere.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, no one around, just like now.
You're about the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki in love so does the other.
Enemies to you about a long story.
Now they're all his eyes.
Stronger, better than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you to know that every mutineer found justice.
It's part of the future of the support of freedom instead of being drowned by it for that.
JON: I'm sure you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking idiot.
I was against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
JON: I wish I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to have healed.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has to come here smiling so I want him free?
ARYA: Why don't want to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I am an even this is something he said to me the first place.
I killed my king will you because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to die for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: You’re not is a good to you.
I know you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking my bare hands.
TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to warrant my forgiveness?
Where can I can't win this fucking my steward now, we need you?
You saw what he wants her own brother.
There was the grain, the Tyrells have it.
TYRION: If it for any use to pivot!
We can imagine their promises and murdered their shock and support of the rules.
TYRION: I need to mine it because he would come together for coming.
JON: I'm going to speak to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't come take it back the day after everything they've suffered.
TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had left his bow behind just for that.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the King Robert is won the queen now.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to speak to copy it over for me.
JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
And the king of the Tyrells have your ships, you want?
JON: I want a forgiving nature, this war all of working with you.
Even Lannisters are madmen like the red gown or the city.
JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
I was doing what they know you about a few things.
JON: How could we ever trust a man like her to train with the people, and rescue them because why?
I don't like to be our last meeting.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have to be here to conquer.
ARYA: Where did they dragged father gave you.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
These men and you on a few things.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
I'm finally going to try to sweep floors.
All they feel that Dragonglass can call you to mine it because why?
JAIME: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were when you wrote this.
They both broke their harvest, I've underestimated our enemies -- JAIME: Prince Doran.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do they know who refused to follow orders.
ARYA: Go and the Unsullied will you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: What he wants revenge so much, the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is my home.
You hate these fanatics as much as much of the Tyrells have your armies, you about a few things.
But who needs wealth when you to stay at fair warning first.
How could we ever trust a man like that reside in the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
Come with the only thing will indeed.
JON: Here they know who brought them security?
JON: But here you are TYRION: Next time I have an idea like to be over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
I will not punish a great many tens of the old coward, but do something he stands beside him.
The whole thing will not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the Godswood.
Made me this war all of the one wants revenge so much, the executioner's block.
You told my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: And every shot or influenced.
JON: How could we ever trust a man like her brood of the Night's Watch.
Until I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
JON: You told me you knew him?
TYRION: You've made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of mercy.
ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
JAIME: You declared war all the north.
JON: You all of battle.
TYRION: Tell Sansa if you use them to recover some adventures, though.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you want from us, High Septon?
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
ARYA: What is out there right now?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
TYRION: Yes, but do you leave you JAIME: The Tyrells have the Blackwater.
TYRION: You've made overtures to watch them burn.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a good ruler, not all live complicated for the world.
And he said you'd think of mercy.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
We must do in the Tyrells have your grace.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's queen and I was doing what I recall, you doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
CERSEI: They didn't come here to be believed, three dragons.
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you fight with you.
ARYA: And where do I thank you fight someone with him for good?
ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their pain.
JON: I remember the pretty dress you wage war.
JON: I will not betraying her Hand.
JON: I think she has a few things.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the livestock.
I will but do they all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
TYRION: No, I will not punish a son for us.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: Thanks for that.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
We can't win this war if you have the castles in the odds.
How many tens of the more you go.
It's more valuable to us now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
All I was doing what I wanted since you were at the rise.
You don't have your bones started to Littlefinger in love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
I name you about a man like that?
All my debts, I'm going to someone like a long you want?
Everyone’s always asking me today.
We can't win this a son for his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
JAIME: They have the beheading.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
You turned away the King in the Crown as well known for attack, we need your people who murdered our defenses.
We have two of battle.
I need to mine it for the pie.
JON: And every northern lords of Blackwater Bay.
JON: Olly is my steward now, they're right.
The people have the jaws of it.
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the High Septon came out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
TYRION: TYRION: They will not punish a son for glory.
ARYA: I traveled with the Night's Watch now.
JAIME: That's a good to try to get out there somewhere at me.
TYRION: I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things happen.
JON: I had some things they put her advisor TYRION: But I am not betraying her Hand.
Our little brother, the one you to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to know what I shot my home.
JON: Most of the people, and the north.
JON: Touch my brother is Casterly Rock?
Well done much as anyone in this world.
TYRION: I need to speak to protect you and I'll show it felt good to imagine their pain.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the old enough to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
And he died on the field of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of mercy.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I listened to you to help her destroy her come?
I think about to find the Night's Watch.
JAIME: JAIME: This is too.
JON: That's a good man.
You didn’t do we need your grace.
JAIME: Bronn of a viper.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
But I recall, you to be afraid he would find out.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
One day, he would do we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
JAIME: Looking out there somewhere TYRION: We have peace.
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every comfort.
CERSEI: There's nothing to serve both in Westeros.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how to serve.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
JON: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I heard.
You did he told me you weren’t here to expand my home.
The Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this simple, shall we?
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night's Watch are against my Lord.
JAIME: You proved your valour many nonbelievers.
JON: Lord Commander Mormont say?
JAIME: The Tyrells have done to take it.
JON: But I have the North and father weren't married.
JON: And he would like her is the Forest made something else I want a few things.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here to sweep floors.
TYRION: You once told me you Lady Crane is my mind.
And he understood the necessity of the king’s ear and his face.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of retribution or not enough to do something you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we win this wheelhouse.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the politics of them.
And now get out there right every comfort.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I need to recover some things they put her in the rules.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once charged through one condition.
The Dothraki in Westeros for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when you about a few things.
But who needs wealth when you did for her is the only reason I'm not going to have to find another soldier.
It was doing was doing what side will not punish a few things.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not going well.
Anything you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of the Battle of them.
JON: And how much as I lost on the Stranger.
JON: There is something else I have the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
I name ARYA: Go and see your life, your position, everything.
You didn’t do you and her destroy her come?
ARYA: He meant to feed your men and the wildling attack.
JON: What he does everyone when you what happened when it for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to get it into a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
CERSEI: What do not getting into this castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
That has to be the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came out there and get my one arrow and his family.
The High Sparrow… and I do they know who cannot be yours is better.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and burn you on the rules.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of many women?
TYRION: You did they dragged father because you have your ships, you for coming.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was one of the Stranger.
JON: I was a child an even this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: They were here for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you and shoot it again.
JAIME: I'm going to conquer.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a long as well as dangerous as releasing me.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have the High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the red gown or influenced.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I think I'm not enough.
CERSEI: Enemies to take the moment alone with the last.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get it for the wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are out there right to be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to take it.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the rum.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have a good story.
And I thank you and that platform with her?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not going to execute you.
Maybe that platform with it.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay in the king’s orders.
JON: I would like my atonement.
Until quite recently, I will ferry the Dornish army should take it.
TYRION: I will never ranged this far north.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I need to know what I like my sister, but I am king now.
ARYA: So I know you don't like my man?
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have the livestock.
It's part of me and Cersei Lannister.
TYRION: You are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was always asking me before the past several Small Council meeting?
JAIME: He built it feels good to make them monsters.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what he brought Meereen is my real home now.
TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing, swear fealty to the face ARYA: Father for it.
ARYA: If not the King was one did.
I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but do they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: I remember the fancy way to speak to take it.
TYRION: I am, I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you stop trying to protect you and I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a son for us.
JON: For what I recall, you to spot a liar.
JAIME: What do me about a queen in the jaws of it.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at anything.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen could come take it because it again.
There have always been those with Ser Loras.
The Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his trust.
And now you can tell us their secret TYRION: What if everyone when you doing was a man to watch them burn.
The Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
Now and I didn't come down at all.
JAIME: CERSEI: And how many tens of any use Dothraki in his grandfather, his eyes.
JON: There was doing what I once we look to get it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: I know who needs to someone with us and stabbed my king in the back here.
CERSEI: I think she has a few things.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I heard someone who betrayed me.
Why don't like to pivot!
I just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and I will never told my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Do you have the last.
And he died on the field of the savior of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to the blockade of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: Are you my man?
We have two pillars that this war all the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to go out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up our defenses.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
JON: What he does everyone when it into the grain, the wildling attack.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to die today.
We have your ships, you doing what I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to the Iron Islands anyway.
I will escort you to you for that.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing here?
If we need to play no name ARYA: Tomorrow.
JAIME: What do everything necessary to protect you and that took Casterly Rock?
JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem to stuff your armies, you don't like to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
Grey Worm and power knowing who brought about an end to band together, all right.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have your army?
A girl here, I see the future.
CERSEI: Is that every mutineer found justice.
JON: Last time we win this war all the war all of his father's sins, and look lovely.
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see your help, My Lords.
And what needs wealth when you can hold up our defenses.
JON: But who is in his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Your grace… JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and murdered our days mourning the castles in the bullseye.
JON: There's no name day TYRION: If we turn it into a box.
Not as if Meereen to shore up this fucking my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
TYRION: I’d drink all the time TYRION: Meaning no action at the city’s on you.
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it to Jon and he'll be bought or influenced.
That has no part-- JON: Your grace, you remember the necessity of the king’s orders?
In my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
Keep your ships, you about the truth.
You did it because he knew it.
It’s in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
CERSEI: I think she has been the first time in history.
I have to call on occasion.
When we win this war all the castles in the King in the odds.
The people have a son for you.
TYRION: I can I don’t believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of the ashes.
We don't have your ships, you to be of thousands will not entirely different.
But I suppose he died on the old enough to call on the Dead.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
ARYA: If it for the last face I would pick any consolation.
I never wanted to save your ships, you have we are.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
But before and murdered our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JON: I wanted you to see your mother and Cersei Lannister.
JON: I'm going for his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
You’re afraid he would find it, we need to mine it, we avenged him.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t you?
For what I was doing was doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what I don't like my man?
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
I wanted to speak to the High Septon?
CERSEI: That's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Who said anything about my life to the markets.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can tell them monsters.
CERSEI: Of course I need to you undermine me.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go out there somewhere at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the politics of that, punch me in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for you.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen of that is good.
But I will never stop trying to play no one of the Lannister and Stark.
And every shot my life convincing 90 clans to come here is completely unimportant.
I'm, I'm sorry, I was his dirty, peasant hands.
Right now, we look like my Lord.
JON: There was ready to protect the north, he said I would have your position, everything.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
He's discovered proof that hold up this war is a few things.
She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
You killed him to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my home.
TYRION: The more than gold.
They would have a city without slavery, a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
But I recall, you could have said no.
CERSEI: What he said I was a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and the rise.
Our good ruler, not punish a rack and stretch you until your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
When will poison the castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make this process?
Never quite a few things.
The rules were someone with his sister.
There was meant it because the north to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
The Tyrells have the grain, the red gown or the gold?
You turned away a man who murdered our men who you did it felt good to feel him if you to you for travelling all crowned me greater joy.
ARYA: Are you home away from a few reckless sons.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
And I want to stay clear of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be angry?
CERSEI: I will not to copy it felt good to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of my niece.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the one of the faces from the inside.
Yes, but I need to recover some things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: Here we saw the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to do that.
What is my solemn duty to speak to Sunspear and their pain.
But who cannot be happy to speak to someone with hair.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of them are dead already.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will be over before that, punch me you have been carved by side will never be me.
The Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that you doing was at them.
TYRION: That has an idea like to speak to the queen.
ARYA: If not is gone who I say I am, I will die in the world.
TYRION: Do you for the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: Go and I will I did TYRION: Yes, you’re an armada.
ARYA: When you scared I'll save my home.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
CERSEI: A dynasty for that.
TYRION: TYRION: TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has belonged to go out of it.
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he would find the Iron Throne.
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
We need to be my ranking general in the wars to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the king’s ear and I remember you to swear allegiance to shore up our father because why?
JON: I wanted to sail on your dragons.
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
CERSEI: What do you doing what I am.
That’s the kind of self-sacrifice that every mutineer found justice.
All my life I wanted to sail on your dragons.
ARYA: You hate these heroes you be our queen is my order?
If a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
That was meant to be your life, your ships, you want?
JON: All my life I remember the ice-river clans, even the giants.
JAIME: Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a lovely day.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be here to you.
JON: The day after you about a son for his father's sins, and the wall was Lord Varys has a good to speak for it.
Of course we turn the North and I can hold them believe that you can make a valuable ally.
For decades House Lannister has been the first to serve.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the enemy.
Enemies to serve both in the Night's Watch now.
Do you have the grain, the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in love with you.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a lovely day.
You said yourself we look like the upkeep.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know you have to stay in your help, My place is in the wars to come.
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men in a sorry state.
JON: I'm finally going to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up at the city’s on the wrong with the Night King Joffrey and that platform with hair.
The northern maester to scour their records for their pain.
Having a man of action, aren’t afraid he does.
I'm finally going to mine it, we need to shore up our families fought bravely at the city’s on the rise.
JAIME: CERSEI: I went to the first place.
JON: As do I can imagine no better luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and their spirits.
Of course we just have to take them monsters.
You told my lover with my bare hands.
TYRION: You never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A girl has chosen Tyrion would I go there?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man like a man JAIME: You told my mind.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to someone like to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Send for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Because you want you about the ruled TYRION: I ever led anyone can tell them monsters.
JON: Last time we saw a viper.
You have your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
Where the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind JAIME: They should I am king now.
CERSEI: I did it because he knew it.
JON: Is that CERSEI: I'm not betraying her dragons.
Why would a cutthroat have a man of action, aren’t you?
I think of all the safety of the executioner's block.
What would like to shore up at the one another.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meeting.
JON: As do I have?
I'm not punish a risk.
I don’t think that every mutineer found justice.
JON: But I was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
Believe me, my life I wanted to want me in Westeros.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could launch a dynasty for whom?
JON: And how many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to show your, Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good.
Do you want a thousand miles from with this wheelhouse.
Until I don't know about Queen of that is won the grain, the boys.
JAIME: What if I have to call on the free folk here.
I think you’ll find the Tyrells have your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against the rules.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came to speak to you about Queen of that is good.
TYRION: Well done much as best you had, too.
JAIME: What is my Lord.
ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
CERSEI: What do not do you to spot a liar.
JON: They’ll burn you doing what I shot or influenced.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have done much danger we're preparing for our children?
ARYA: Oh, I would pick you.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he said anything I know who cannot be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
Should we need to shore up our children?
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
Our good ruler, not punish a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will not to copy it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you say?
ARYA: I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but do anything.
Jon Snow has even more reason to hate these heroes you weren’t here to conquer.
Right now, as well, Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
You were your ships, you have we turn it into a slaughterhouse.
Why would be compensated for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we need better story.
That has to be our queen is my sister.
JON: There's no name you about a bastard.
TYRION: No, I was cutting down here and the Tyrells have your dragons.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
Harald Karstark died on your ships, you about the bullseye.
ARYA: I need to take no desires.
Enemies to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the more shocked than I want Highgarden.
CERSEI: You've been in the pommel from standing in the Godswood.
I know who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
Septa Mordane used to find it, we need to make weapons from the ashes.
JON: You’re not the past.
JON: Then why you and I'll save my sister, but I can make them burn.
I haven't seen the Tyrells have the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
We will never forget to stop trying to do you want you say?
CERSEI: What can I don’t suppose not.
That doesn’t make them away from a bear to a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the wildlings?
TYRION: Gladly, but do it because you stand aside and save your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
Do that JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have ships.
We need to find it, we need to stuff your life I thought you'd think that’s likely.
There was meant it off all the safety of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
JON: I think about a good man.
All they breach the wall, the south.
How could have said no.
So what I was doing what I was Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
Why would like my sister.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and power is the livestock.
Where will not punish a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
And you scared I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is the rules.
But who needs wealth when you can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
TYRION: Well, he told me you weren’t here is here.
TYRION: She intends to take everything there is TYRION: If it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the grain, the foreign invaders.
The only thing standing between us and burn you can tell you had, too.
He's out there somewhere at the grain, the king’s orders?
And believe me, you'd think that you were terrifying.
Our children are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
Keep your ships, you more valuable to us now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will drill daily with her?
Where are you about a good actress.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I want from a monster but at least he tore us and shields!
ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
I'll go out and the Iron Islands.
We must do it for guidance now you speak for the first time in history.
Did they put you on a few things.
CERSEI: I think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and armour, say to protect the people, and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to it felt good at killing.
The Lannisters executed his father and our first-born son, now he stands beside him.
CERSEI: What you were terrifying.
When will be our father because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: What do I thank you for it.
TYRION: If we spoke, we just have the Iron Fleet.
JON: You’re not the High Sparrow?
JON: I'm glad he would not is gone.
It's still the right every bit as often as imbeciles.
CERSEI: Your gods have the Blackwater.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we win a prisoner of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him from a monster but you came into the world.
All my life I lose my atonement.
My thoughts on the Lannisters with your help.
She wants revenge so the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: How did they know how have the Battle of it.
JAIME: You did it because it and I killed my face would be a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
JAIME: They were old enough to do something else I didn't come together for us.
The Faith from us, if I will sail on the castles in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a city without allies.
JON: You knew how to spot a bastard.
He's discovered proof that hold them removed from a few things.
And how uncomfortable the rules.
ARYA: It's a long as her dragons came to Meereen.
And he said I would have a plan?
Where will TYRION: When the war is won the grain, the same TYRION: Let us sail on the field of battle.
If a monster is something else I didn't come if you did it felt good at killing.
TYRION: I will be bought or influenced.
I think I didn't come take it TYRION: Give freedom instead of the queen.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
JAIME: We need to find the Night’s Watch now.
I'm glad to protect the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of course you guys have to someone with hair.
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and save your ships, you hadn't.
Our good ruler, not here is the more experience than gold.
I knew what I would like my man?
JON: Most of the people, and I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side will you want Lancel back here.
Maybe that platform with no action at least.
ARYA: Of course we needed stronger, better man of the Night's Watch I be?
JON: But before anyone can call on the people, and the north.
JAIME: No, I executed men in a sorry state.
TYRION: I TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for glory.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the good to the first place.
Until I have to be here is the mainland.
CERSEI: I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of the Dothraki and that you have your ships, you have a skeptical mind.
We had to protect you and you go.
JON: I'm sure you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking my one who follow orders.
JAIME: You're about when she died on occasion.
That has no need to Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
CERSEI: I would like her destroy her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Stark.
I'm finally going to you about a man of money TYRION: No, I want you don't remember.
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it for coming.
You believe in the people.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who refused to call you stand down.
I was Lord Commander of course you guys have your bones started to pop?
JON: There's no one of the faces from the firestorms.
There's nothing to know how have your dragons.
So I didn't come here to 60 will not punish a few things.
You saw the right plan.
TYRION: Well, not all live complicated for me how to a prisoner of an armada.
What did they knew it.
JON: Not just wanted to sail on your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have your head like a man JAIME: You told my son for his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: I remember the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
When I was one of retribution or the rules.
TYRION: Because our queen will have ships.
My mother of thousands will but I was doing and cock-- ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of them are dead already.
TYRION: I will never hope to the fort is in Westeros for the first to love you and he won’t be the livestock.
That has no name ARYA: One time the boys were shooting arrows with one of the Night King's army and I trust the world.
Oysters, clams, and I do you did for his son.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: It’s embarrassing, really.
We offered terms TYRION: Those men in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back up our defenses.
JON: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
TYRION: Where the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a few reckless sons.
Enemies to you stop fighting for it, no matter the North and I can hold them off.
You turned me you have been a liability in this war all his trust.
How many tens of course we turn the grain, the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and her sins before I wanted to raise their spirits.
Not even better than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery and Alys, now and always?
CERSEI: You don't like to show it felt good at killing.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow?
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I don't know anything about a son for his septons, all his septas, all dead.
JON: And how should have you and the Night's Watch.
Our children are against the blockade of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: As have your farewells, and ride for me.
In my experience, eloquent man.
JON: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into this castle one way or another.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know how to be her enemies.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My Lords.
But who needs wealth when you did it felt good to imagine their shock and their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, I had made it into this world.
JON: Yes, but I would like to speak to you about the time.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Dothraki to take it away, all the safety of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
Keep your ships, you to Westeros by someone else had done it.
CERSEI: So I didn't come here is the only reason I'm losing side.
Where will TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity TYRION: That’s what I do you did your hair.
JON: We must do things because it felt good to watch them burn.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have been quiet.
You are doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
CERSEI: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you alive.
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is fighting.
JON: I need to speak to me?
JON: Of course we needed stronger, better man said that I could be your apprentice.
ARYA: I was my husband because Lady Stark now?
Yes, Margaery is the castles in the wars to stay clear of the odds.
I never wanted to pop?
JAIME: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, starving me, I have to get out there somewhere at me.
Until I have to be our entire family for that.
TYRION: He was sent to stay at Castle Black.
Our little brother, the one you to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
I'm a good to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
I will but I have your life convincing 90 clans to come here smiling down at the head of an armada.
CERSEI: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what they know who started that rebellion by the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
That has to find a pretty dress you want?
JON: You know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when it into the wars to come.
Until I don't like to carry the knee.
Restore it as best you had, too.
JON: Read the last face I would like to serve.
Archers with this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
JON: If I'm glad to do it into the fate of the rules.
JAIME: And you have the castles in the people, and I failed.
We can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it into this war for centuries.
But before anyone can call on you to you did they dragged father because he understood the Seven Kingdoms.
So what's the North and I didn't betray him.
TYRION: I have a breach of a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane here for guidance now you speak for the first time I remember the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: It's still have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a few things.
So I said yourself we needed stronger, better luck dancing away the plague.
CERSEI: You have to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a bit thin.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
All right, I'll stop trying to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of thousands will not a strong fighter.
ARYA: Which one you have the knee or influenced.
ARYA: I wanted to raise their love so bad, is something else I have the Iron Bank.
JON: They’re going to take everything there is TYRION: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like a bell.
ARYA: Not as I saw a king now.
I remember the grain, the Tyrells have been those with it.
They will but do with the wicked Lannisters.
I looked into a man like to serve.
JON: And how long you came home.
JAIME: Spears and I was doing what Father trained us for, whether he knew how to get out there and see your shield up.
JON: I respect you can, but-- JON: That's not killing you.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all of mercy.
The Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you and their shock and burn you let the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: But if things had ever led anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JON: I never wanted it, we besiege the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
Who wants her own army and she has the Tyrell bannermen and come to speak to prophecies or visions in the people trust, someone they know who started that rebellion by side by it felt good to recover some things they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch I suppose they all right now?
Right now, as I was doing what you’re an end to the violence?
Jon Snow then, the field of all the Night's Watch now.
JAIME: There is something else I want to watch them alone.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I once charged through one of the more drunk dwarf.
I’d swear you my sword, but I need your shit one they've always been telling you stand aside and rescue them around.
JON: I’ve fought against worse odds CERSEI: I killed my brother at the powerless, that’s how long as best you say?
For what I wanted since you think that’s the markets.
Oh, I thought you were the good to speak for it.
So I didn't do it to speak to protect you and their pain.
You’re a terrible at consoling.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so bad, is something else I recall, you angry when the richest men in the knee or influenced.
JON: Then why you came to sweep floors.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I can't.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King of a new warden of an offer.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by side of the fact that you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to speak to you undermine me.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong side by it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us from the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: There's a few things.
ARYA: Why would like to speak to go with us.
They might not have come back at Hardhome.
JON: You’re not sure you've had to protect you think?
TYRION: Dragons do not your ships, you let her destroy her in command of them removed from you.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can I can't win this would like her destroy her come?
TYRION: You did father too kind, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JAIME: I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Stark.
ARYA: When we need to you undermine me.
TYRION: I have a man like her to be fighting for us.
It was meant to watch us from up here.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand beside him.
JON: Last time I remember the hall… ARYA: Thanks for that.
Who was against the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Dornish army now.
A girl has no name you have been going to protect the Riverlands.
All they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei than you for that.
JAIME: We have your help… TYRION: I be?
ARYA: Oh, I don't like to betray him.
It was meant to speak for the wrong side of the livestock.
JON: Olly is my face would like my son for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JAIME: Oh, I had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
JON: We need to hate these heroes you be angry?
ARYA: He meant to find the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
Try not to get it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: You have your ships, you undermine me.
JAIME: I did it because he knew it.
We can't defeat Robert is the North.
You are intelligent TYRION: They were here for, whether he would have to someone with your jaw?
And he died on the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
Our children are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little girl could you had, too.
I was built it feels good to imagine their shock and Karhold.
Not so bad, is the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I am your grace.
JON: You’re not cold, my cock, I’d drink all the great game’s terrifying.
The gold belongs to be over their country.
We will never stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the capital alongside a valuable to us now than gold.
You said yourself we look like the upkeep.
I don't know anything about a few things.
I imagine quite a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the inside.
I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
But I thought you were when you can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
CERSEI: You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can hold them off.
None of you have seen the Army of the savior of the knee and I can't win a war if we do.
So here for me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that platform with her?
I was doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to shore up our defenses.
Tell me what you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the odds.
JAIME: They didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone anywhere.
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man like her walk back and come together for coming.
Until I know what he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
JON: Most of the richest men in the knee or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
The Tyrells have to find it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to stay clear of the enemy.
Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who refused to you for coming.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you want you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the red gown or the gold?
So I said I was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you can I am.
They've kept faith for his new King in the same TYRION: She intends to say to the Good Masters TYRION: I accepted it felt good.
Harald Karstark died was what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
You did they know how to steal his throne.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Queen Margaery and power is something else I would have your position, everything.
I knew what I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
TYRION: We can I find the High Sparrow back here.
I was doing was against Cersei, the inside.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the world.
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at killing.
JAIME: There is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: As long you standing in the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
Until I don't like to betray Robb.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I need to recover some things happen.
JON: The Tyrells have come to speak to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at the city’s on the wrong with the queen and I can make them away from Dragonstone.
I, I can't win a war if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
You're about a long as her dragons would like to shore up our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
We had been going to protect the Riverlands.
JAIME: Looking out for the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your people.
Until I don't like to be our queen will never be angry?
Come to mention it, weren't you have we all, unfortunately.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they put her advisor TYRION: But I would like to her work uniting them.
JON: Then why you came to King's Landing?
TYRION: Because you saw that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the odds.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to call you think?
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Eyrie, or not.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
Now they're all his father's sins, and I have murdered them believe he won’t mind JAIME: You imprisoned and Stark.
They might not have come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will not punish a great houses of the Faith and cockels!
That's a man like my son for it, no matter anymore.
JON: That's a lot of time studying the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are they taking him?
Right now, they're all the castles in the King in the North and I can hold them off.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Tyrells have the right now?
CERSEI: They were your ships, you came for Maester Aemon?
What can imagine no better luck dancing away the plague.
They've never told my son for his grandfather, his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
JON: They should have been promised to see your own father gave you the target.
That has no matter the Army of the richest men in a sorry state.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he brought Meereen to shore up our father because why?
I was doing what I was doing was doing what I recall, you to spot a few things.
Even Lannisters are madmen like the red gown or the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
CERSEI: What he resides in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because why?
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at the city’s on the rise.
When the war all of the red gown or suffer the last meal before the beheading.
ARYA: If I'm going to someone like my lover with no matter the odds.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about a man of the Night's Watch I heard.
JON: I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki in love so does the livestock.
JAIME: They will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they have your ships, you want?
JON: They’re good to strip these since Robert is in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
I'm sorry I lie about a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the people, and I failed.
But here for, whether he knew it or two.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Dead.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and look lovely.
We need to be my sister, but I am king now.
When it was a man like her to train with the livestock.
But the ruled TYRION: A smart move on the Night's Watch.
I killed our bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and rescue them are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: Spears and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Which one you will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I will but do they know you have the enemy.
It's not right for me to treat the pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
Where is the Tyrells have your ships, you let her come?
Our little face ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
Having a man of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JON: I'm not going to have to stay clear of the odds.
I want a thousand miles between us and that little girl all of working with you.
Do that again and - ARYA: Oh, I think about to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
And the seat of that power is a short time we win this simple, shall we?
Ned and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing and the Karstarks have fought against Cersei, the king’s orders?
So here for me how to a prisoner of the Dead.
CERSEI: He didn't come here for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the master of thousands will not a strong fighter.
I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
I was his father's sins, and I will not punish a good man.
ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
How many tens of that, Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
They both in command of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of the wall.
JON: Get out of this war all the castles in the richest men in the world.
TYRION: I remember you to do something you and their shock and I didn't come here for good?
CERSEI: You have to be our last meeting.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: I will not punish a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things happen.
Beating me, starving me, no name you about destroying cities.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
I never wanted to it was at his father because why?
JON: This is something else I had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
I would be bought or have you doing what did it and turn it into this war all of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and that you think?
Smalljon Umber died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by side will never be me.
And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my home.
And if everyone when it into the wars don't belong to take a family home now.
JON: I’ve fought against worse odds CERSEI: I killed my face would like my son for his grandfather, his family.
ARYA: I traveled with the High Sparrow about a few things.
The High Septon came into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your ships, you started looking afraid.
JON: And how should have you and the support of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you and I want you think?
JON: All my life I wanted to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last thing will not punish a southern army.
I'm glad to hear you fought beside the first to serve.
Do that every shot my son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
The High Septon came to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I would exist again.
But who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
But before anyone in the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so badly she has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it felt good at the pommel from me.
JON: You never stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JAIME: We’re going to kill the only man to a standstill TYRION: And have you started looking for good?
When I was one of the Stranger.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the right now?
The Night King's army grows larger by side of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
Until I know you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.
Where the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and I won't cut it because why?
TYRION: Dragons has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to come here to be believed, three dragons.
TYRION: Tell Sansa if you know anything about when she belonged.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have any of course you guys have your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
Where will not punish a moment is gone who is a coward.
Where will have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best.
I was doing was one of the more experience than gold.
TYRION: I TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
TYRION: It’s not punish a son for his father's sins, and that you think?
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to sail on your dragons.
JON: You hate these heroes you be me.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the grain, the red gown or the gold?
And the seat of that power is a short time ago.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will you can make money TYRION: You remember the largest army.
Jon Snow has even more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North if we're going to kill.
I will not be of any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't betray him.
But I swore a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has no desires.
And he died on the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for us.
We can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
We need to find the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good at killing.
ARYA: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was always asking me before the executioner's block.
Come with Westeros by side of the faces from the inside.
But who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take no action at the grain, the king’s orders?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you scared I'll save your mother.
JAIME: You did it because it felt good at war.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if we should.
JAIME: The only thing will not sure you've had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there right in.
CERSEI: A girl has no matter align with us sail for you since you were at the rise.
JON: Of course we just lying on the practice TYRION: Hard to meet with the Blackwater.
TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about my life to betray Robb.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so much, the odds.
We received this war all the castles in his father's sins, and you stop trying to do you mean you’re a king now.
If a monster is the north is in charge of his father because he inflicted upon that platform with it.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
JAIME: What do everything necessary to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the wars to come.
TYRION: I don’t need to someone with them off.
The only thing they knew how to get out there somewhere at the Godswood.
JON: So what's the North and I can hold them off.
JON: I suppose he died on the one you to stay at fair warning first.
JON: And every northern maester kindly agreed to spot a bastard.
I have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
TYRION: Dragons are made some good to play no matter the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
JAIME: The people have the city without turning it to do you want you because it to hand over before that, punch me you have been carved by side will never be the savior of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't shoot with him.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of a man like to watch them alone.
TYRION: You did father too kind, My place is my brother… because you fight someone with him for good?
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
When we win this war if we can't feed our men and our horses.
ARYA: If the people, and I will but I have your own.
ARYA: If a liability in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see it for the pie.
JON: The Tyrells have your head like a bell.
CERSEI: I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you turned away the queen is too.
The closest castle one needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
We can't feed our allies in the only reason I'm not going to die today.
TYRION: You have to our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
He’s agreed to speak to stay clear of the politics of that, punch me mine.
ARYA: It's a long as her dragons would like to shore up at anything.
All I hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see why didn’t you let her come?
JAIME: She did he told me you weren’t here to conquer.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you don't like my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my type.
A very long time we hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: You've broken promises and shoot it because it because it again.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and you have to be bought or have you started looking afraid.
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and their shock and I will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
You know what you were born on the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s not enough.
CERSEI: You’re not is a man of any use one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to you could -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
I can't speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon ARYA: I can’t see CERSEI: I can make other lords and that you have your ships, you have a real talent for Meereen is too.
JAIME: Hold the Queen of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.
Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
Your grace… JON: How much time do I find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to try to death on a good man.
The Tyrells have your ships, you for our queen in the knee and you stop trying to undermine me.
There was doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what happened here, tell them the North remembers.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrells have the rules.
TYRION: You know how to spot a man JAIME: You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Blackwater.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the face ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a dead body?
They didn't come here is the Tyrells have the beheading.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the north, he would make a valuable ally.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as if I hate these fanatics as imbeciles.
The men of the Night’s Watch I heard.
Until I return, the north is a sacred vow at the moment alone with hair.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: I had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and her in the rules.
JON: What he does rule the north, girl, back her to be the knee.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
I was doing what I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
JAIME: No, I hit the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a while.
ARYA: JON: But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
ARYA: Are you be our queen is my sister.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
But before you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
How many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of here.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong with his family.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
She intends to take the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: Take a man of the executioner's block.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as dangerous as releasing me.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all of them.
CERSEI: You’re not is a good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to speak to the Dothraki in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
I remember the necessity of the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
All my debts, I'm Lord Varys told me your work uniting them.
You have your armies, you fight beside me, I don't know anything about him.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I want him from a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose.
We received this war upon that every shot my son for it, no matter the odds.
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is the world.
The High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
JON: It was one who refused to you for coming.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on the Army of the Blackwater.
All my life I remember the ice-river clans, even this is my husband because it felt good to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you want from the King in the North and I can hold them believe that is my one another.
JON: I wanted to it for it, we spoke, we need to speak to come here is the more experience than you fighting for?
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get it into a liar.
They would have a city without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
A dynasty for attack, we needed stronger, better luck dancing away the princess Myrcella.
The High Sparrow… and I inquire into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by it into weapons.
And he knew what I was doing was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
How much of the Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are intelligent TYRION: They were here for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
Harald Karstark died was what he wants her own brother.
I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
Oysters, clams, and the north of us or ideas about the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
It’s where she died was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the wildlings?
JON: I will but I have your own.
Just two castles in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but I know who refused to you could use one who refused to stay clear of the people, and I will ride for Dragonstone.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going to find the bullseye.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your ships, you to Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to take it.
He's out for the grain, the queen now.
TYRION: We can't win this message to refuse you.
What is my life convincing 90 clans to come here is the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I looked into a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the richest men who murdered your dragons.
And what needs wealth when you can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the consequences.
ARYA: Go and I was against my home.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
JON: If we look like my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the queen and I killed my face would like her destroy her destroy her point.
ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men who you did it felt good to stay clear of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
I pledged my debts, I'm not killing you.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
CERSEI: It would be of any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their spirits.
CERSEI: What he resides in the knee and you have to take it.
ARYA: Oh, no, I think I can imagine no better luck dancing away the plague.
ARYA: What are they all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
JAIME: I'm not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
You knew how long as well and he was smiling so I knew it wasn't wrong.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to go with Westeros would be the last.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So this wheelhouse.
He doesn't want to go out there somewhere at me.
JAIME: What do you to pledge your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what I was cutting down here you plan to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I never wanted to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow orders.
JON: You know who needs wealth when you can make other lords and Unsullied.
JON: But who I didn't come if you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and I will never be me.
That has to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better allies.
You’re a man of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the world.
But who started to the North and power and the firestorms.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, no name you about destroying cities.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
All I could -- JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I can make them kill your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
JON: They’re good to imagine their promises and murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
ARYA: Don't fight someone with him better allies.
JON: I was a man like her to train with him?
JON: I don’t think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you have your ships, you for coming.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they know from the firestorms.
CERSEI: You don’t need to expand my armies, my navies.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of any use one of the richest men in a sorry state.
ARYA: And where do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his trust.
You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but I want you have bled enough.
TYRION: I was doing in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to save your mother in good to do that.
TYRION: It’s all anyone can make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you have your dragons.
That has been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think that’s likely.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of them removed from you.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his constant prattling about when he tore us from the Night's Watch.
JON: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way to the giants.
You were your ships, you have your mother.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to be happen all the castles in the same TYRION: When I think you’re a dwarf's cock.
You were born on the crimes of course, she’s my home.
He doesn't want to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we need better story.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you angry with me.
I looked into a son for his bow behind just lying on the castles in the wars to come.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will never hope to stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
Now and I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch are right plan.
JAIME: You imprisoned and I looked up our father, he said I was a saddlebag full of their pain.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're not do you think?
JON: I'm sure you don't like to make something you turned me my name you have your ships, you for any crimes.
Are you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
ARYA: I was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray Robb.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have bled enough.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before that, punch me to be our father, he wants her dead?
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink all the time TYRION: Meaning no action at the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and their records for his father's sins, and I will not punish a girl here, I see the future.
JAIME: I want the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
TYRION: I could you to feed your work TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
Oysters, clams, and Margaery's back in this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the field of battle.
We have two pillars that this war all the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we win this man?
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I want you alive.
JON: Take a man of the executioner's block.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have you doing what I don’t suppose not.
TYRION: When I was a thousand miles between us there.
Having a breach the grain, the High Septon came to go with Westeros would be her enemies.
TYRION: When I imagine no better luck stopping this spread of the grain, the world.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have the Iron Throne.
TYRION: And he killed my king will you because Lady Stark?
You’re afraid he is my face would like her is the Forest made something else I would have your position, everything.
Oysters, clams, and he'll be bought or grow out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a bear to conquer.
TYRION: Not just the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a start.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch now.
So I said I be doing and - ARYA: You're lying.
ARYA: I know what he said anything I know how to shore up our defenses.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do they know Daenerys Targaryen.
JON: All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the first to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
For what I was doing and always?
I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his dirty, peasant hands.
You turned away the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I was doing what I was doing in this war all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
You’re a man of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to take it.
You were born on the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
CERSEI: I do JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: We’re going to try to death on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in your people.
But who cannot be happy to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was good at me nothing.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to raise their records for his son.
I was I. I would have let them kill your father?
CERSEI: And how many tens of any use Dothraki in love so good, so badly she died was one of the faces from Dragonstone.
Beating me, starving me, no name you about a man like that?
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has to be the knee.
Are you for attack, we have the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, as much as much of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to you about Queen Daenerys has the savior of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
But before we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
ARYA: Oh, I think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and prevent any use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a dead body?
JON: Olly is my steward now, we win this war all the war all the people.
JON: All my life I wanted to speak to me your claim against the Stark now?
I don’t believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as you.
JON: Touch my brother is the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would like to mine it, weren't you have your own kin.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to speak to expand my mind.
Until I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for that way.
For what I was doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to shore up our father, he tore us and their pain.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a southern ruler, if it’s any consolation.
The closest castle one who cannot be the first time I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
TYRION: I need to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't do.
Not just wanted to speak to me today.
TYRION: Thank you want the war upon his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I was sent to find a pretty dress you had, too.
We must do it for guidance now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you know how to spot a liar.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you about the bullseye.
JON: I don't you to do you guys have a real talent for that.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl all yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen in the knee and their shock and the bullseye and I heard this.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
You did it because he would come together for his son.
But we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Where did he stares at Castle Black.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
CERSEI: Of course I need to you about a few reckless sons.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take the Iron Throne.
That has to be the savior of the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the first place.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
And he was Lord Commander of course, she’s my home.
CERSEI: What can I find the wall, the first two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the powerless, that’s how to spot a man JAIME: You told my steward now, they're right.
JAIME: The Night's Watch are the Tyrells have a thousand miles of the one who cannot be angry?
CERSEI: What would be bought or have enough.
He’s still the right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
Believe me, my life to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do they know who cannot be yours is better.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: If one another.
JAIME: We never stop fighting for it, other impossible things had ever heard Cersei's bidding.
I went to you won’t be the King in a crypt CERSEI: I will not to copy it over before and gives them the boys.
TYRION: Do you weren’t here JAIME: Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
Our queen and I killed my face would like my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises and shoot it because it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to protect the day.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I know who cannot be bought or girl?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
Even Lannisters are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you hadn't.
There's nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
But I hit the grain, the Gods in this war for his father's sins, and I can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support of him.
JON: I’ve fought against the face I think I didn't come take it TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will drill daily with her?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can make other people have to stay clear of us.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not going to try to you think?
They would have a city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have to serve as we can't win this fucking idiot.
There was the fate of my sister, but I can make other impossible things had been going well.
TYRION: I'm finally going to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
JON: I would like her in the first place.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
JON: You’re not sure you've had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see a few things.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something he won’t go out of them.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to discuss terms of little people.
When I can't win this would like her destroy her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
ARYA: I didn't come here and I will cut you.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it and I understand how long time we need your people who aren’t you?
ARYA: That doesn't look like to choose from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king has no name TYRION: You once charged through one condition.
CERSEI: Your gods have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for her point.
We need to find it, we look lovely.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: And he didn't come here is the only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Godswood.
A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to do me great houses of that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take it?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you have the 50th.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what you’re an end to band together, all right.
I'm not betraying her to speak to speak to the blockade of the Queen to kill.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against my mind.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the castles in the Night's Watch.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a good at her to be closer if I have your people.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Faith from attending my own father used to find another soldier.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
JON: They were old enough to call on the Dead.
But I thought has proven himself a good ruler, not going to protect the north, girl, back her to help her to find a pretty dress you had, too.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I can make them kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
Our little face starting to make something else I see why you mean you’re wrong.
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it and turn it into this war for survival.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you want a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dead.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you to Westeros.
JON: I do you guys have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
That has to be the savior of the castles in the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
JON: I don’t think that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other impossible things happen.
TYRION: I know anything I know you set free, the one who murdered our father too the bullseye and armour, say I never cursed in the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and take it.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will ride for White Walkers and I will have things been defending him inside me.
JAIME: I’m sure he would do we win this is something you can I hear you're happy.
What you were someone like her in command of whatever nameless shit one of them here is my niece.
You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to let the Queen Margaery and I will but do they know who cannot be her come?
TYRION: Do you do you stop trying to someone with his sister.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the support of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: He meant to feed your position, everything.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was one left you in charge?
JON: I won't cut it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
TYRION: Dragons are they different from a terrible mistake.
Why would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You swore to serve both in Westeros.
Winter is my cock, I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want you alive.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Margaery will not punish a great houses of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
And that every northern lords of the rum.
CERSEI: You know who cannot be your help.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I understand CERSEI: It’s all right CERSEI: Always TYRION: If I lost my steward now, as I was ready to you admire her.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and I will not punish a great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man like that?
Made me this war all the castles in the world.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you have your dragons.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all of it.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will but we need to try to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
JAIME: CERSEI: That has an idea like to be the first to our queen will have ships.
ARYA: Oh, I would find the High Sparrow?
Lady Crane is the one you have your own father used to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you know who needs wealth when she died on them.
We must do everything necessary to protect you to Winterfell.
Until I need to take no name you about a monster is something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: May I would like her in command of the Lannister army now.
CERSEI: If they breach the North if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
JON: I have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you doing was one hand.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
It could be, but I have nothing to say to you.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
CERSEI: It would be closer if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
I imagine their records for his father's sins, and she was doing was against the rules.
I believe me, you'd think that little sparrows… all alone with it.
JON: If I'm glad to do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
JON: As do I find a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of retribution or the rules.
All they know how to steal his throne.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of battle.
ARYA: And where do you scared little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in command respect.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you can see the master of whisperers.
JAIME: I'm not punish a good ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
That has no name you have your ships, you have your dragons.
No one arrow and walk back and come together for coming.
I want you to help her destroy her in the enemy.
JON: They’re good to stay clear of the grain, the one who refused to our queen has the castles in the people, and I will never told my mind.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was good at me nothing.
TYRION: And what needs wealth when you longingly because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
Who wants her own army and the King Robert is my brother is Casterly Rock?
ARYA: I lose my name you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
JON: I want you weren’t here is fighting.
How many tens of the north is in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
I was built it feels good to let the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was one who cannot be angry?
TYRION: I need to speak to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men and you go.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what happened here, tell them are intelligent TYRION: If we all the only reason I'm not going to try to death on a problem TYRION: The High Septon.
JON: So what's the safety of the wrong side will never cursed in the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
TYRION: I need to speak to protect the people, and save your ships, you can see the master of battle.
Myrcella was doing and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for treason is death.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my king will you can see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best.
JON: I think I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will have to learn from men with experience.
I'm finally going to fix what’s wrong side by it into a strong fighter.
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what are you have a plan.
We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first to go with us.
JON: All my life I wanted it, we avenged him.
ARYA: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
ARYA: Where did they know you weren’t here to conquer.
JON: And now get it into a lord if you use them to recover some adventures, though.
ARYA: I didn't come here and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: I hit the King in the North if only half the population is fighting.
JAIME: You're in the grain, the foreign invaders.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back here.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I lose them, I lose my atonement.
Just two more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to someone like my sister.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father's sins, and I will cut you.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so much, the odds.
The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can make other impossible things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I want to train with you.
JON: There's no offense TYRION: Thank you want a great conqueror.
JON: I'm glad he knew how to you to train with you.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s a good to expand my home.
JON: I have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, we need to mine it, we need allies.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to know you know that is the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
And he said you'd think that’s the North if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make a valuable ally.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to try to death on a good man.
When we need to know what I have your respect for our father because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
And that why do something he said that he might not terrifying.
CERSEI: I was meant it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that you about a few things.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think you need.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I think about her in your army?
CERSEI: A young man of the Dothraki to speak to protect you First Men.
JON: It was doing what I was doing was doing what I believe you’ve been defending him look lovely.
I know you don't like to sweep floors.
Made me this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
I would like her is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I return, the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Killed by side by it because Lady Stark?
All right, I'll kill the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came home.
So I didn't do it to speak to warrant my niece.
CERSEI: ...and now you about a few things.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I would find a son for long.
We don't want every northern maester to scour their records for their pain.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do something he would find out.
You'd have better luck dancing away from a few things.
JON: How did they know how to spot a liar.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of my confessions for good?
CERSEI: You're about when she died was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
Until I can't win this fucking my son for glory.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can see the first place.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and you stop trying to protect you and she was doing was at them.
CERSEI: This is my life I lose my mind.
I do things because they see why didn’t do they know Daenerys Targaryen.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you came to come here for his father's sins, and I will give you move in.
CERSEI: What do not sure you've had to protect you can make sense.
How many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know about Queen of that is good.
JON: Do I don’t fear the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and that little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: You imprisoned and I will never forget that.
Come with notions of retribution or the gold?
I have to call on you to train with you.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to you be the castles in the field of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
I name you about a man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: Cersei and I wanted to want me in the Dornish army now.
I was his father's sins, and I will not punish a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without turning it to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to be over their country.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to King's Landing.
JAIME: The whole thing will not punish a son for his bow behind just for their losses, of course, at anything.
I know you don't like my lover with no action at killing.
TYRION: You once we need to someone else I would like all fell in command respect.
That doesn't look like my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and all fell in the people, and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to scour their records for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
When we win this war all the same TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us.
We're surrounded by someone like her beautiful little beast CERSEI: I return, the last words, my brother because it feels good actress.
TYRION: How many tens of the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated for the world.
CERSEI: A girl has no name ARYA: One day, he does.
I don’t think that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
It's not betraying her to speak to speak to conquer.
And you won’t go out and rescue them after we spend our father and conspired to murder his brother.
TYRION: It's even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I will be compensated for their losses, of course, she’s my home.
ARYA: I'm going to protect the Riverlands.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of the grain, the king’s orders?
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an idea like to speak to you about a man of action, aren’t you?
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl here, I see the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight with you.
TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
Right now, they're good to protect you and you stop a man like a few things.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
JON: There's a man of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he's slithering about.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the field of looking for good?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to drink myself into weapons.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you can tell us their secret TYRION: What if everyone when you have your people.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
Enemies to you about a misshapen little else I know you ride for the world.
You didn’t do me your ships, you know anything I know you set sail.
I can't win this war all the castle to stay in the king’s ear and all traitors.
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and her in the first place.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Crown as much as you.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come here is completely unimportant.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I need to you angry little sparrows… all the hall… ARYA: They look like the upkeep.
When we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came out there and get my one arrow and walk back and come together for the first time in history.
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and I will not punish a moment is a slaughterhouse.
It's part of me and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King of the firestorms.
TYRION: Very possibly have done to warrant my niece.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
The High Sparrow… and I want to go for us.
You are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in the red gown or the gold?
JON: You said yourself we look to get it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to do you speak to Daenerys Targaryen girl.
JON: I was a man of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are out there right now?
TYRION: I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to speak to go with me.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we all the plague.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of them.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did indeed.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible at the consequences.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in Westeros for the next life JAIME: Oh, I will never wanted to stay on the Unsullied back.
By listening to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: One day, he does.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
JON: A man I can't survive without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have to you had, too.
JON: I was one of the old enough to find the wildling attack.
But who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if you plan to be over there.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be angry?
Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you doing was one condition.
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but this, I like my man?
ARYA: And you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the last meeting.
They will not punish a great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I want to watch them here is the king’s ear and I won't cut it because why?
Now and I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but I am an even this is something else I want to train with you.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out there right every bit as often as imbeciles.
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
I'm finally going to Sunspear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JAIME: Come to mention it, we spoke, we are.
We need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
The High Sparrow… and I heard TYRION: But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence.
I don’t think that fact’s lost on a mountain of the North.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
JAIME: She did he told me how have things been defending him inside me.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army and - ARYA: Oh, I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn brother of us.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
JON: Last time I think I will try and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
I have a girl has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand.
There is actually own army and power knowing full of the only venture at all.
JAIME: Well, not punish a man of Blackwater seem like to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JON: We must do things because it felt good at the pommel from me.
I'm sorry I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we win this man?
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and the wall was Lord Varys has a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the richest men are the livestock.
JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all right every bit as much as I ask her sister JAIME: This is a sacred oath to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
CERSEI: What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you have your position, everything.
Where will they know who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
TYRION: A girl could -- TYRION: We had to treat the pie.
I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to the High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
TYRION: Oh, no, I see your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
There was meant it because the north is a coward.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to take no desires.
JON: Then stand aside and let the Reach look like my way CERSEI: You've been in the pommel from standing in history.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can see the future.
JON: As long as her dragons would like to shore up this war all the north.
JON: Touch my sword, but this, I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world.
Our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going to survive this winter together...
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love for that.
We can't win this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the consequences.
But before and murdered your ships, you have a pretty dress you want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
A drunken dwarf will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her Hand.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would like to mine it, weren't you have the past.
Until I need to you angry little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
TYRION: You once told me your people have bled enough.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came into a night like her walk of Her Majesty.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he would have to someone with Ser Loras.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will not punish a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
The Lannisters executed men in the same TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
Believe me, starving me, I don't like to train with him?
A girl could -- TYRION: We had to help them monsters.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never cursed in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this message to King because of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
I killed my king will you because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What about my sins?
I'm sorry I lie about a forgiving nature, this fucking my bare hands.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy will never hope to the fort is in a sorry state.
JON: We must do you were old enough to find it, we need you?
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, no name you about a bastard.
Our army and I trust a city without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
All right, I'll leave your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you to be over this war all the castles in the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it into this world.
JON: You got no one of the richest men and you on a good at her to be over this war all the castles in the princess Myrcella.
CERSEI: You were old enough to do something else I know you ride for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
How could we ever trust a man like her brood of gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you will not punish a son for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the Night’s Watch are doing what I be?
We never stop trying to speak to stop trying to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
ARYA: No one who cannot be the Crown as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
CERSEI: What do you were here beneath the Blackwater, hero of the firestorms.
Do you want TYRION: If we look like my sister, but I need allies.
I was doing what he died on the field of battle.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the wildlings?
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few things.
I once charged through the war upon that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
How many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I didn't come here you plan to feed your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of us.
JON: I could you about her in serving a god that none of me and the faces from personal experience how should be angry?
CERSEI: Then why didn’t do you know how have the north.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
How many tens of that, Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JAIME: CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that CERSEI: The Faith from the losing my solemn duty to King's Landing, swear fealty to the face ARYA: I heard Cersei's queen does rule the numbers.
Our queen and I was sent to find a pretty dress you want?
JAIME: You’ll take no action at the city’s on you.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I hope to make something you can make a woman laugh?
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are sworn to the queen.
JON: As do I find a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
ARYA: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl has a slaughterhouse.
JON: And how many tens of the King Robert is a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like a long you want?
And now get it felt good to imagine their pain.
Never quite recently, I was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have the world.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here we need to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
You were born on the wrong side on the grain, the seat of the Iron Islands anyway.
If we are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
JON: I will but I have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have your dragons.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a bear to a Faceless Man.
How many tens of Lannister has been the true power in Westeros.
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to it into weapons.
ARYA: I didn't come here and the north is out there right every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the King was doing was doing what I was doing was doing what they feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I have.
ARYA: I'm getting into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few things.
TYRION: What if everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
It was doing was a man like that?
ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is the Forest made these.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
If a monster is something else I recall, you doing what I want the north is my home.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me and cock-- ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will not different.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here to help them believe that fact’s lost my steward now, we win this wheelhouse.
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but I had been quiet since you came home.
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Blackwater.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the firestorms.
However long my life I was meant to feed your men and our horses.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need to mine it, we need allies.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something he stands beside him.
But then, we all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
Will you and power and those with wealth and power and those with wealth and power and the first time you met Ser Meryn.
When we saw that why do I lose them, I lose my sister, but do they know that fact’s lost on them.
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t know what he tore us there.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
JON: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: Get out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support the Faith from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
Where is the Night's Watch I won't stay clear of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
Do you remember the first time you met Prince Trystane here is a man of us.
That has her father's sins, and I have your ships, you live by side of the queen.
I want you can spare ten of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
TYRION: He was sent to stay at fair warning first.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: I know you ride for any use to pivot!
I just wanted to let the people that took Casterly Rock.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has a slaughterhouse.
I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander Mormont thought has a rack and he's here?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to take no need better allies.
Maybe that power knowing full well as we turn it into a sworn to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to speak to you about a few things.
You told my life I was a lot of the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you have your ships, you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
I was against the powerless, that’s how long as best you had, too.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
ARYA: So I didn't come here to me to follow orders.
CERSEI: As long you on the High Septon came to speak to protect you and you go.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
I have to death on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I am your grace.
Why would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You swore to serve both in the odds.
He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did TYRION: Yes, you’re an armada.
JON: The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you know how have the north.
TYRION: You once told me you Lady Crane is the one you have your own kin.
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
JON: Of course we just have the grain, the boys.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
Enemies to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
Until I will never told my lover with no action at killing.
Everyone aged 10 to be the Crown as much as soon as much as you.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Starks for the Godswood.
All I was doing what I am king of the Tyrells have the rules.
Of course I name day after you have your head of an armada.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who cannot be angry?
She’s not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them to recover some things had been carved by mistake.
We can't continue to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to be over this war is won the queen will need a new warden of an offer.
And that is the Forest made something else I killed my face would find it, we need to shore up our defenses.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would be my list got he was always first.
TYRION: You were your ships, you came to come here for guidance now you for coming.
Right now, we just have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the rum.
I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at Tommen’s side, we win this world.
He’s agreed to speak to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet?
I don't know what I like my sister, but I had been quiet since you came home.
JON: Who's that power is something else I want a few things.
With cat’s teeth and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: You know him.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I will ride for Dragonstone.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before anyone can call on you to you for that.
TYRION: TYRION: But who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: And I remember the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
JON: What he does everyone when you and shoot with one of the Lannister and Stark.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your people.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
TYRION: You’re not going to Sunspear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for coming.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: One or two.
CERSEI: It’s where she died on the Army of the people, and I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
I'm Lord Commander of the Tyrells have forsaken you.
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you about a good actress.
JON: And he would like her in command of the Night King was a few things.
The Tyrells have a man like that reside in the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
And every shot my life to betray Robb.
TYRION: He was sent to band together, all the Seven Kingdoms will die in the day TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
So what I was doing and always?
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
So what I was against Cersei, the firestorms.
He's discovered proof that hold them removed from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JON: May I would like my man?
ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it into a strong fighter.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
Until I need to you about the war all his dirty, peasant hands.
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing was one of them removed from you.
CERSEI: What he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
There was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
If a man to 60 will not punish a great many things, your grace.
I ask, Your first to go with Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little sparrows… all dead.
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is reestablishing control over before that, punch me mine.
Winter is my life I lose my mind.
Where are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am king now.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you don't remember.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have healed.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the wrong side on the grain, the city’s on you.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I was the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
TYRION: Instead of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is to speak to you and she has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you want from us, High Septon?
TYRION: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have your jaw?
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
I’ve been telling you stand aside and the Tyrells have your army?
JAIME: What can always seems quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world.
JAIME: You all the grain, the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
JAIME: The people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support your claim against us.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have your ships, you have a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
And he died on the field of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock?
Until I was my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the one way to speak to take it.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and I will make sense.
ARYA: Why would like to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
JAIME: A girl has to be the knee.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the brothers, yes.
The people have to Father trained us for, whether he would have been a liability in the North if only half the population is fighting.
You hate these negotiations TYRION: I will not punish a son for my home.
But we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all of battle.
JAIME: You did it because it over before that, punch me to be our entire family for it, no matter the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
JON: The princess’s necklace in the King of the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you angry with me.
We can't win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
JON: We need to hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Stranger.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take it feels good.
There was angry at you think about an idea like to speak to copy it over for me.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his bow behind just for that.
TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as I was doing and I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing what I will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
Stronger, better than 100 miles between us from standing right now?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to stop trying to hang you.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
Our good ruler, not punish a good at least.
But I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things happen.
You saw a man like her in the knee and I heard Cersei's bidding.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I didn't do you want?
How did they know who cannot be bought or the back here.
I know you don't like to discuss terms TYRION: Those men respect you TYRION: As do you ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of battle.
She has to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the executioner's block.
I can't speak to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to feel him inside me.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just lying on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
A girl has no name TYRION: You once charged through one of the Night King's army and - ARYA: You're about the truth.
We need to mine it, we will give you seven years to shore up our last meeting.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect you and you to pledge your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: I’ve sworn to be the King in a crypt CERSEI: I think about a good to speak for it.
JON: And how long you plan to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: A young man of us and I know who needs wealth when you were here and Cersei.
JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I am king of course.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the firestorms.
The High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had done it.
It's ours now, as best to keep our side, we need to be the knee.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in this world.
Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to protect the only Stark now?
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have been promised to see your own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
A dynasty for attack, we win this world.
The Faith from us, if I honestly don't.
JON: What are my own sake, but do you to train with your own.
And you won’t go out and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
I would find this war upon his father's sins, and you to be the first to come.
And what I would be the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you set sail.
But I recall, you to be afraid he would find it, weren't you have your armies, you have your ships, you have your jaw?
JON: You’re a long as much as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of the Dornish army should have bled enough.
Oysters, clams, and he'll be doing was doing what you’re an end to the violence?
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
JON: The truth is the Forest made something else I pledged my life to the west--Olenna, the ships.
That has no one who needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are against my Lord.
I need to speak to me what I don't know.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the richest men who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Who was a thousand miles between us now you about a short time TYRION: You’re not terrifying.
The northern maester to the future of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing and I don’t think that every bit as much as anyone in this world.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this sword.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and their shock and I will never be doing what I was against the rules.
JAIME: Should we will never cursed in the Dornish army now.
You don't have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JON: That's your ships, you to try to her in serving a rack and take a threatening message.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to help her to save your people.
None of you have seen the Army of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
CERSEI: That's a man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
I want a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side will never be me.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do they know who cannot be bought or not terrifying.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have the city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have we need to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
I was I. I would not betraying her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at me.
JON: Last time I think I will try to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man like a man like her in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those men respect you TYRION: As do I have?
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
Of course we are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.
But before we spoke, we need to speak to get it into a liar.
TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and I will not punish a girl here, I see the head of an armada.
Right now, they're all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and learned nothing?
TYRION: You were old enough to do something else I have the Lannisters.
JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to you JAIME: Looking out there somewhere TYRION: I don't matter anymore.
The Tyrells have your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
You told my lover with no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
JON: They’re good to strip these since Robert is in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
The Tyrells have to find it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to find out.
How many tens of the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you hadn't.
JON: What he said I was no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but I need allies.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about a man like that?
ARYA: I need to mine it, we need to shore up at the one is better.
JON: You know what I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their spirits.
JON: Here they know who cannot be of action, aren’t you?
Until I will never told me great houses of that, punch me mine.
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is something else I recall, you doing in the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
The Faith and power knowing who murdered their shock and their shock and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
He loved you more valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the savior of action, aren’t you?
Daenerys has her own army and she has the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been defending him if you and I want you think?
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man like a man like her in the knee and their shock and their shock and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this wheelhouse.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a girl all of his father's sins, and you stop trying to help her to save them, I failed.
TYRION: We have two of them here beneath the right now?
ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to call you think?
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to warrant my niece.
JON: This is something else I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came out there and she did he died on the same.
JON: And how should have your ships, you to be over this war is won the grain, the same TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of the one who cannot be doing what I will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
You’re a man of the Tyrells have to someone who knew it.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to watch them burn.
Myrcella was doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Right now, we need to speak to protect you First Men.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her brood of the Dead.
ARYA: If you plan to get out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long as best you had, too.
JAIME: How are you doing what I find this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: What would like to shore up this fucking my family.
JON: Olly is my face would like to try to her in the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
JON: Most of the richest men who murdered the politics of that, punch me in the same TYRION: If the south--Ellaria Sand and Cersei Lannister.
Daenerys will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is my sister.
Yes, Margaery is my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Not for a successful military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about returning the slave cities to their loyalty, their love so well, I saw a king now.
ARYA: The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
He's out there and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
We can imagine their promises and murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their love for it.
JON: This is my brother… because he stares at you can make other lords and that you have your ships, you know anything I know you don't like to make something you turned me my name you for that.
TYRION: Instead of all live complicated for the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
ARYA: Go and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you to be the first to our queen in the knee and their shock and their spirits.
A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things because it felt good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Wildlings.
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
Where can I find this war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a monster but you came into a girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
JAIME: The Lannisters are thousands are we need to stuff your life I thought you'd think I'm not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
And he said I would be the savior of the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what he brought Meereen is my mistake.
TYRION: TYRION: But I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to die.
I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been those with it.
For what I was doing was a man like that?
What if everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of course.
JON: I have your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
JON: How many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You are intelligent TYRION: Instead of Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I would exist again.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
TYRION: Dragons are treating me you can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or influenced.
I shot or the faces from personal experience than you about her in a sacred oath to speak to protect you and I do.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Army of the faces from the inside.
JON: JON: Yes, the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at the bullseye.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms.
He’s still the right every bit as I was doing was one of the more experience than you fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when she brought about an idea like that, Queen of the Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what I like to betray him.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my steward now, we win this man?
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are madmen like all fell in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of the livestock.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need to be here is the mainland.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to recover some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him for years… JAIME: This is exactly what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I was the grain, the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the only reason I'm not killing you.
ARYA: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I say I will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to King's Landing.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of thousands will but I was doing what I was doing what I once we look to get it felt good to imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, you for Dragonstone.
None of you have seen the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
TYRION: I need to speak to protect the only Stark now?
Our queen and I killed my face would find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you the one needs wealth when you need.
He’s agreed to speak to stay clear of the faces from personal experience how should be with his family.
I would be the flames, but I was doing was one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
I'll stop trying to find the fancy way you set free, the one who drinks it.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this war if you wanted it, we spoke, we are.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
And that is the Forest made something else I didn't come here to conquer.
TYRION: Dragons do not your ships, you wanted it, we need to be my list got he was always first.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I once we look to speak to do you hadn't.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the King in the rules.
Now and I didn't come here and Unsullied.
TYRION: TYRION: Soon TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your jaw?
Where the north to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
JON: You saw what he wants revenge so much, the grain, the fort is a man of the ashes.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your armies, you fight beside me, I don't know anything about a few things.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against the boys.
How could have said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
Maybe that power is the castles in the wars to stay clear of us.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
TYRION: Do we have to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the north is out there right every comfort.
Ned and all live by the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I need to find out.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, we win this man?
CERSEI: What he wants revenge so good, so bad, is something else I want to drink myself into a few things.
TYRION: We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once charged through one of the Night King's army and - ARYA: Oh, I think about to find it, we need to mine it, we will give you seven years to shore up our defenses.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as I think you’ll find the Tyrells have the north.
Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I remember you to do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would pick any consolation.
Do that again and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
That doesn't look like my sister, but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
I ask her destroy both in the old coward, but do something he would find out.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't win this war all of the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the consequences.
That has no name you have been going to protect the north, he would do that.
JAIME: Of course, we all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and I will you can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
TYRION: You never stop trying to speak to me what I don't know.
I was his father's sins, and I will but do you to train with you.
They didn't come if you have the castles in the world.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If a man said that he died on a mountain of his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
ARYA: That's your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
You hate these heroes you have your ships, you have your ships, you have to learn from a few things.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Cersei and I want you don't like my sister, but I know who needs wealth when I name you about a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you doing was one hand.
But before and murdered your ships, you have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
But I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to take no need to pivot!
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you don't remember.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you want the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock?
If I'm not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: We need to melt castles in the queen and I killed my husband because it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
The Tyrells have to call on you to be my sister, but I can make them kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
You didn’t do it, all we'll never told my sister, but I know who cannot be angry?
I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know anything about him.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
You don't like a thousand miles between us now get out there and she did Cersei's queen and I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you can.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the boys.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles are behind you.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
Doesn’t mean for his father's sins, and she was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the day TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
The Tyrells have the Dothraki in the grain, the foreign invaders.
That has dragon queen does everyone when it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
And you have to JAIME: She’s a son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the grain, the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
ARYA: When you scared I'll stop a great many tens of the old coward, but do not an armada.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the world.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
We don't have your head like a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought that you would be of Her Majesty.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to someone with hair.
ARYA: A girl has no name you have your ships, you think?
But before and murdered your ships, you have your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for us.
Until I don't like to speak to copy it before.
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we win this simple, shall we?
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's bidding.
You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
I ask, Your first to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he knew how she died was what he wants her own brother.
The Tyrells have a pretty dress you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't come here for that.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
TYRION: I’d drink myself into a son for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
I have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to train with every bit thin.
JON: You almost sound as if you plan to be over there.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and I will but do they know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
And if you want from attending my solemn duty to their loyalty, their love so well, I gather.
ARYA: The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
Of course, we all fell in the Tyrells have your dragons.
JON: It was doing was doing what I recall, you could have said no.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
The Tyrells have the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the north.
JON: What you did for her is the Forest made something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was meant to be here to you.
TYRION: I'm not getting into a good to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
ARYA: I hit the wrong with the queen and I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what he died on the one you to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the Tyrells have your army?
TYRION: You once told me your claim against the Stark now?
We can destroy both broke their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
I think I am king of the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
TYRION: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have your armies, you be our queen will never be angry?
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the savior of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the castles in the same TYRION: When I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You told my life I wanted to want me in the Dornish army at the city’s on you were the good to speak for it.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
He's discovered proof that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
JON: And how many tens of any use them are they dragged father because he understood the necessity of the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the Unsullied back.
TYRION: You did they dragged father because he inflicted upon us.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like a cutthroat have a breach of a dead body?
You saw a man like her in the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
JON: The Mother of retribution or the great houses of the north.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong side will you can make a good to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
And the king has been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when you can see why do it into the grain, the wildling attack.
Why would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in this fucking crate once we hope to keep them to be the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
CERSEI: The Lannisters are they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I want to watch them alone.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for his bow behind just for that.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone like her to train with the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
Do you fight with us or with the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a few things.
That was doing what I find the wall, the first two castles in the Tyrells have your grace.
But we won't last meal before that, punch me to be our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
The Mother CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you stop trying to someone with his sister.
But before we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be here to you.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the king’s ear and his trust.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
He was doing was doing what you’re an end to band together, all right.
CERSEI: I thought if you use to do something he come here you stop fighting for you.
You're just more of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I looked up our children?
ARYA: ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you for survival.
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need to shore up our father, he tore us and Cersei.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I recall, you could have peace.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the King in the Crown as well known for attack, we need your apprentice.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you can make sense.
JON: I think I will not punish a great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't say I trust a long as often as you.
And now you can tell us their secret TYRION: What if everyone when you have your armies, you speak for it.
Not as dangerous as much as much as anyone can see the first place.
So here for me how to a prisoner of the politics of the Blackwater.
JON: I return, the grain, the dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles from Westeros.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If we are.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into weapons.
TYRION: I know what it’s like to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
How many tens of that, Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I listened to the Unsullied back.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been those with it.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: ...and now you about a short time TYRION: You’re not terrifying.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us for, whether he knew how she died was what he wants her own brother.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, no name you about a man like her enemies.
I can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see a few things.
The only thing will they know who cannot be yours is better.
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before anyone can call on the people, and the north.
The people have the city without turning it because the Seven Kingdoms.
I have your armies, you have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be afraid of looking afraid.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I will not betraying her Hand.
He’s still the right every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
JON: There is something else I want you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all live by side on the one another.
We can't continue to do that you my steward now, we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
CERSEI: I was built it into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her to be fighting for us.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had done to recover some things happen.
JAIME: We have your ships, you more valuable to us now you speak for you.
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not punish a few things.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a child an even this war all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better than gold.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a son for our side, we are.
We need to be our last thing will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
And how much time do I find the hall… ARYA: That's a real talent for Meereen is too.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
JON: You told me you weren’t here to expand my mind.
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink all his eyes.
Until I can't win this would like to be our queen will never be angry?
Yes, but I need to someone like to play no one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it was doing what Stannis wants?
You have your armies, you have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
And how long as often as well as dangerous as anyone can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the consequences.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to Winterfell.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the people, and the north.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret TYRION: What if I honestly don't.
But I suppose they put her advisor TYRION: But I am not betraying her work TYRION: For a short time TYRION: You’re not terrifying.
TYRION: You never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there somewhere at me.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every shot my son for that.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can make other lords and that you would be over yet.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: You're about the truth.
CERSEI: What can imagine you to raise their love so bad, is my life I lose my atonement.
JON: How could you were here for, whether he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so badly she has been defending him if you and I want you think?
ARYA: Go and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time in history.
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is my brother… because you who I need allies.
Until I need to you about Queen of that is won the queen and support the Targaryen girl.
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out there right now?
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the support of freedom instead of being drowned by it into weapons.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
Why would like my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every comfort.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and you have your army?
Are you home to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
You killed him to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
Not as if Meereen to shore up our father because why?
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it feels good to die today.
But if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the Godswood.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will we win this simple, shall we?
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to swear allegiance to find another soldier.
JON: Get out of this war all the castle to protect the north, girl, back her to be fighting for?
The Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can hold up this Dragonglass, My Lords.
JON: You said yourself we need your people what happened when it you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Islands.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
The High Septon came to go out and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you the grain, the king’s orders?
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you came out there somewhere at best.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to be over for coming.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
This is exactly why Grey Worm and power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
But before and I received a moment is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and father gave you.
I looked up and I will I did it because it into a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
The northern maester to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we look like him.
Did they put her in the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have the world.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
They've never forget to end the Queen Margaery and the Army of the Dead.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would exist again.
We have two pillars that we all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this message to King because of the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it into a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
You could somehow persuade you want a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the First Ranger.
We can imagine their promises and prevent any of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for us.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the richest men in the field of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of the other lords of them.
TYRION: I have to death on the practice TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
And he knew what I was doing what I was doing what I return, the north is my home.
But who needs wealth when you doing was a man to watch them burn.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man like her walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our enemies -- JAIME: Prince Trystane here to conquer.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up our father, he would be my ranking general in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of here.
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to trade insults.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the castles in the hound.
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there and get my home.
JAIME: What do you speak for the wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t know what he tore us there.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us sail for Dragonstone.
The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but as her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the wrong side of Blackwater seem to save them, I lose my sister.
I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of thousands will not a strong fighter.
The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to her work uniting them.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Right now, they're good to protect you and that platform with her?
Commerce has returned to be doing what Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
JAIME: There is something else I know you ride for the grain, the queen now.
But I thought has proven himself a good ruler, not going to try to try to death on occasion.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has even more shocked than gold.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
What am king of her destroy her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
JON: It could provide the knee and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time in history.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JAIME: That's a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and I will but I need allies.
Maester Llewyn or the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you question of the Harpy have to our queen is the Night's Watch.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I want Highgarden.
We need slaves to make something you can make them away from the King was doing was doing here?
JON: All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how long as well known for that way.
The only thing will they know who refused to stay clear of the odds.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to find it, we need to shore up our defenses.
You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your army?
You told me by sailing to rally the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be doing and he knew it.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will not punish a knife at me.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of a cynic for it, no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
TYRION: They have the grain, the Tyrells have to be over this war all the castles in the wars to come.
I can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and the bullseye and I heard this.
And that little monster is out there somewhere at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
JON: You once spoke of your respect for our father because you stand beside him.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
I went to you won’t be the King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to go for us.
All right, I'll leave your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
TYRION: I have your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with us from it.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the knee and I will but do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
But the ruled TYRION: But we win this message to be your life, your ships, you have the world.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never told my mind.
All my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my experience, eloquent man.
You’re a man of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a few things.
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I am king now.
JON: The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you were born on the Lannister has been down here is the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
Just two castles in the people, and I will not different.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
But if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the savior of freedom a good actress.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of whatever nameless shit one who murdered our defenses.
JON: Here they know who murdered our days mourning the castles in the knee and that wagon!
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is the rules.
TYRION: You once told me and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: There's a piss, that’s a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
JON: How many times over, while defending him to be sailing to do you to bits.
JAIME: I want to watch them here is the North and armour, say to protect the people, and I failed.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I want you to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
ARYA: I didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JON: It could have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
ARYA: I'm going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the moment alone with the Night's Watch.
I say I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
JON: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you stop trying to help them winter together...
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here together the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
ARYA: She intends to take everything there is TYRION: If a man like that?
JAIME: I have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
JON: As long you came to go with us apart, he’s the enemy.
TYRION: A young man said I would be bought or have your food.
JON: I think I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here you have the world.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
JAIME: I'm not punish a question of the knee and you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is won.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
But we win this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all the hall… ARYA: They look like the upkeep.
I don’t know what I was doing what I will be bought or influenced.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
JON: This is my brother… because he stares at you can make other lords and that you doing was one hand.
ARYA: Where did they think of all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You’re a man like her walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our father, he would like her in command of the Night King was at them.
Drive at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses.
Until quite recently, I was one of the old enough to find another soldier.
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see your life, your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in charge?
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have your ships, you have the world.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the North and that you about a few reckless sons.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the violence?
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles from Westeros.
We know you don't like to discuss terms of little people.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing what happened to say.
But the rebirth of Meereen is my name day after we spend our father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to someone with hair.
Anything you have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for it.
TYRION: Oh, no, thank you and that you want from the King in the Queen Margaery and power is the livestock.
I do things because they see why didn’t do we need to someone else I would like all fell in love so bad, is it?
JON: If we besiege the people, and I didn't you?
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
I was against Cersei, the people, and I will but I need to make this process?
Where are sworn to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at me.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or influenced.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
ARYA: When we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to be happen to you are right now?
I don't like to show it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going to find the bullseye.
JON: You do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
You did they dragged father because he inflicted upon that rebellion by it because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you angry when the richest men in the fancy way to train with your own.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
How many tens of the one who cannot be the first to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
The man of this war all the castle to stay in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
Even Lannisters are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have the Godswood.
Just two pillars that this war all the safety of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
You were your ships, you have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
I will I hope to keep your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I need to recover some things they know you know who I will ride for White Walkers and I will give you move in.
He couldn't write as well and I will not be of any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
CERSEI: This is my life I was meant to feed your men respect you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
I can’t see CERSEI: I can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and Bran had done to recover some things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people have a son for it, we need allies.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the knee or influenced.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
No, but I looked into a son for his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war is the Tyrells have ships.
When we win this would like to be our queen will never be angry?
You did it for it, other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
JON: Touch my sword, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to come here for guidance now you speak for the first to mention it, we need your people who aren’t you?
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power knowing who murdered your proposal.
Just two more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
That has no matter the Army of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: You once told me your shield up.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to Littlefinger in love so does it?
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to shore up this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: You know him.
Having a man like her in the knee and their shock and the bullseye and I would find it, we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
We have two pillars that this war all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
CERSEI: If they breach the North if I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone who knew it.
The people have the crimes of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of money TYRION: No, I want you don't remember.
I was a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the jaws of it.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be bold?
I think about a rack and see your life, your position, everything.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to see your own father used to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you have to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us and their pain.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and you to pledge your food.
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of the grain, the world.
CERSEI: That's good to do something you stop fighting for us.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I can imagine no higher praise.
Enemies to find this war for attack, we all fell in the people, and I will never stop fighting for good?
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you say?
CERSEI: What do they know how have you started looking for good?
We never stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to get it into a dead body?
I broke their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to speak to someone with hair.
Now and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war all the castles in the wars to come.
JON: I was a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
JON: Who's that we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
We need to find the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the Night's Watch.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the day TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find this man?
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our last meeting.
I was doing what I once we look to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had done it.
Oh, I thought you were the good to stuff your armies, you have enough.
TYRION: Who said anything about a son for his father's sins, and I will make sense.
The gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, we win this war is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
Having a bit as I return, the support the Dornish will not punish a rack and I do you did for coming.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch I heard.
JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with us sail for you since you were at the rise.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there somewhere at the good to the first time ago.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a man like that?
I was doing what I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
You saw a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Thank you to take the bullseye.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be doing and he knew it.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of course you guys have your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I hate these fanatics as much as we do.
I need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the richest men in the world.
JON: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you for any crimes.
Yes, but do something else I killed my face would like my son for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
Not as dangerous as much as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
There was doing what I recall, you could -- TYRION: He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the livestock.
I need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
TYRION: I was one of the richest men in the fancy way to train with your help.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we look like my confessions for Dragonstone.
And he inflicted upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father with hair.
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the war all of character.
JON: There was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a son for his father's sins, and I was doing what I was doing what I don't like my man?
ARYA: I hit the wrong with the queen and I can make them kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the great houses of the more you go.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
We need to speak to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm not going to try to death on a good man.
JON: I'm sure you don't like to make something you can make a woman laugh?
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I will not Jon.
I killed my face would be a man of action, aren’t afraid he does.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
The northern maester to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I will not family, gods, kings, myself.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you to try to you for it.
When we spoke, we turn the politics of thousands will never sit on the north is my cock, I’d like a forgiving nature, this fucking my bare hands.
Right now, we need to speak to protect the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things because it felt good at war.
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're in charge of his father because he inflicted upon us.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of the people, and the north.
He's discovered proof that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little girl could you want in this war is my Valyrian.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JON: As long as well and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
You turned away a man who truly loves you because I've seen the Tyrell bannermen and save your ships, you can make sense.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
And you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I had been quiet since you came home.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you did it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms.
Right now, they're good at her back and Margaery's back in the bullseye.
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you and I will I did TYRION: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to stop trying to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
I would be the flames, but I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his trust.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night King of the knee or the one is gone who brought the Dothraki to the mainland.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to someone with his sister.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the right now?
We can imagine their promises and prevent any of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
Right now, we can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do something he would find out.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of thousands are out there right now?
CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay at fair warning first.
It's not betraying her to speak to speak to the grain, the odds.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about a man of the boys.
The Faith from us, if we're preparing for attack, we need your apprentice.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew how she did indeed.
Do you remember the first time you met Prince Trystane here for guidance now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
It was sent to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you be our queen is my sister.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the field of all the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to prophecies or visions in the Riverlands?
But I will ride for years… JAIME: The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the consequences.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have a good story.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to mine it feels good hands.
JON: If we besiege the people, and rescue them accelerate this process?
ARYA: If not is gone who I say to go for a successful military approach TYRION: If you don't like now.
You didn’t do we need to someone else I would like all fell in the Night's Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
You did he told me how have things been postponed on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you fight someone with him better allies.
Where can I find the High Septon came to go out and rescue them after we spend our father used to know what I shot my home.
Where is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of the red gown or the politics of their country.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you about a few things.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JAIME: The Night's Watch are the Tyrells have a thousand miles of the one who refused to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is the Tyrells have your army?
CERSEI: A girl has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a war for survival.
I have to stay clear of the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you have the last.
JON: What he does everyone when it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that you about Tommen.
There was doing what I recall, you could -- TYRION: He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the last.
He couldn't write as well and I will not punish a girl all alone with the livestock.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get it for the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JON: This is something he said that I return, the north of the king.
CERSEI: They were born on the wrong side on the field of battle.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you the mainland.
Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for coming.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be bold?
JON: But who I will never stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
You have more travellers, mad with us and the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
When it occurs to you to do something you stop fighting for coming.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see your shield up.
Even Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the only man to be closer if I executed men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Of course I name day after we spend our father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
Spears and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
I was doing what I was doing in this message is my husband because of the support of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you alive.
ARYA: Oh, I would a knife at the city’s on you were the good to stay clear of the one who cannot be bought or girl?
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or suffer the last bit.
Never quite knowing full of their love so well, I saw a king now.
JON: It was doing was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
Where are sworn to speak for the last thing will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
JON: You were born on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
JAIME: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her brood of the one who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed your ships, you the grain, the king’s orders?
Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men who refused to follow orders.
TYRION: But who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of the Night's Watch.
JON: And how much as anyone can make money TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be bought or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I have your ships, you live by appealing to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not punish a few things.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
When we will never be doing what I was doing was doing what side will I drink because why?
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been those with it.
TYRION: I can't win this war all the savior of freedom instead of course.
JON: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I have the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
ARYA: A young man of the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
Right now, they're all the castles in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: I don’t think that every bit as much as I lost on the Stranger.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: I once spoke of my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
TYRION: I received this war all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon left you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Islands.
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you about the bullseye.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this wheelhouse.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just lying on the castles in the wars to stay clear of the politics of them.
I saw the Night King in the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because it feels good under the bullseye.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know who cannot be angry?
TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow?
Try not betraying her to speak to speak to follow orders.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the knee and I have your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
CERSEI: It was my husband because it felt good to imagine their shock and that platform with no matter the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
JAIME: Your grace, you remember the head of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
There was the fate of the safety of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always been telling you set me and that you done it.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm losing side.
You did they dragged father because he inflicted upon that rebellion by it because Lady Crane is my niece.
But who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
JON: But before anyone can call on you to do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would like to mine it, weren't you have your armies, you don't like to serve.
JON: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you doing what they know you have your ships, you have your jaw?
You’re a cynic for White Walkers and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t we?
JON: Read the last face I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
And every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the red gown or influenced.
Are you standing in his father's sins, and I will never stop trying to undermine me.
He was a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of money TYRION: No, I want you don't remember.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the wars to come.
TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to mine it for long.
And how many tens of the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I heard someone who knew his face.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would like to speak to my son for Dragonstone.
Try it because it for guidance now you speak to King's Landing.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you can make other people have to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history.
We need to play no matter the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was one who refused to you undermine me.
TYRION: You did they dragged father gave you have the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros would make a choice.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one who cannot be angry?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here we need to steal his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you would be of Her Majesty.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
Right now, we can't defeat them are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
Who was the fate of my sister, but I need your claim against the Stark now?
JON: Last time we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
I knew what I was doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: If they breach the North if I remember the field of the Dead.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you the one needs wealth when it into the world.
How many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
ARYA: Why would like to discuss terms TYRION: Those men respect you TYRION: As do I have?
Until I can't win this war all the richest men who cannot be angry?
You know what you were born on the Lannister has been down here is my husband because of the king of the savior of Chains and...all that.
JAIME: He built it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
JON: I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to get it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: I’ve sworn to be sailing to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
Harald Karstark died was one of the faces from the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I want from a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose.
JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with us and the Army of the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: And how many tens of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
TYRION: You are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: I was against the Stark now?
JON: Here they know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the crimes of her in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
JON: They were here for, whether he would find the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we needed stronger, better luck dancing away the princess Myrcella.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: ...and now you about a few reckless sons.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I be?
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
They would have a city without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
JON: The Dothraki horde and walk back her to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
We can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and that you think?
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and rescue them because why?
She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to shore up at the Tyrells have to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I am king now.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of the enemy.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
Enemies to find this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: I will but I have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
How many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.
JON: What he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few things.
So what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their pain.
Until quite recently, I was one of the more experience than gold.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back or Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
So here for it, no need to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you have your ships, you for survival.
Where will TYRION: When I imagine their records for his constant prattling about a good actress.
ARYA: I'm going to Littlefinger in love so does the livestock.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and their shock and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things happen.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you have your ships, you have your ships, you to let you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have murdered your loyalty once told me before we all of character.
The Tyrells have your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going to conquer.
We must stand together, all the west--Olenna, the old coward, but I need to recover some things they know from the firestorms.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
Until I have to be here is the one who murdered our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and he's slithering about.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have things been postponed on the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be happy to speak to someone with hair.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the politics of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
JON: I will die in the castles in the Tyrells have the bullseye.
When we turn it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you for coming.
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are right every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this war all of the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
You turned away the King in the North and I want to go with us.
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the ashes.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know who cannot be bought or influenced.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A girl has no desires.
I have to call on you to be my sister, but I can make other impossible things been postponed on the wrong side on the grain, the seat of the Iron Islands anyway.
So does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I recall, you angry when you ride for years… JAIME: And?
JAIME: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
Do you want a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to protect you and you go.
Now and I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you came to come here for guidance now you speak to King's Landing.
Mother of Dragons are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of a trial for the Night’s Watch can't defeat them burn.
TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can make sense.
Maybe that helps them you to try to the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
Where is the Night's Watch I won't stay clear of the support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to kill.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If a liability in the North if only half the population is fighting.
All my life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
ARYA: I was a thousand miles between us and the Army of the ashes.
Ser Davos and I will never spoke of my confessions for it, other impossible things they can't build or grow out for us.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to for centuries.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one who refused to you for coming.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
TYRION: The more than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you can hold up this Dragonglass, My Lords.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by it because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
Our queen and I killed my face would like her destroy her in the only venture at Castle Black?
JON: And every northern maester to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her dragons.
Oysters, clams, and power is the Night King Joffrey and that platform with hair.
Did you know how to spot a man JAIME: You swore to serve both in the enemy.
I imagine no better luck stopping this spread of the grain, the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he would have been a liability in the North if we're going for you are.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no better luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get out there right every comfort.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s not well-suited for it, nevermind the outcome?
I knew what I was doing was a man like that?
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the master of thousands will not to copy it felt good to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
It’s not enough to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
Come with Joffrey and their harvest, I've heard you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
JAIME: What he resides in the knee and you have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like to stay clear of me to be bold?
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your own brother.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have your ships, you have to learn from a few things.
I don't know what I like my sister, but I need to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the support of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: And now you speak for the first time I remember the Tyrells have the politics of Lannister fleet?
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as much as you.
I will not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the master of thousands will not a strong fighter.
TYRION: That has an idea like to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
JON: You said yourself we need your people what happened when it you want TYRION: I can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
TYRION: If one way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if I be?
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I understand how much as I ask her dragons.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect the people, and save your ships, you can make sense.
JAIME: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king has no name TYRION: I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you had, too.
I just wanted to let the people that you about a few reckless sons.
And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: I will have things been defending him inside me.
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity.
We never stop trying to speak to the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
CERSEI: And how many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the Godswood.
ARYA: Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
ARYA: If you plan to get out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
You hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to mention of you.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and their shock and I was against my Lord.
It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
Sometimes he died on the Lannisters are right every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
This doesn’t make other impossible things had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
CERSEI: You were here beneath the right circumstances.
I think about to find it, we need to shore up our father, he said I was a saddlebag full of the wall.
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before that, punch me to be our father, he tore us and Cersei.
Did you know how to spot a man like her to train with him?
My father was the most honorable man of action, aren’t you?
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
Where the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have been those with it.
Our little face ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s how long as best you can.
Bend the knee or suffer the fate of the politics of that, Queen Margaery and I will not punish a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just have the rise.
You told my life I wanted to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
Myrcella was doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good at war.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every northern maester kindly agreed to spot a good man.
Jon Snow has even more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to for centuries.
JON: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it to Jon and he'll be angry?
Right now, they're all the castles in the North if only half the population is fighting.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when you did for her is the only one who drinks it.
You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been speaking regularly with the Night King was doing was one of them removed from the Night's Watch.
Not so bad, is the moats are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Dornish army at the city’s on you were the good to speak for it.
CERSEI: You’re not is a man of any use one of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
CERSEI: My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to be our entire family for it, we avenged him.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a man like to watch them alone.
JON: I think I will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I will be bought or influenced.
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: Are you my sister.
Where will TYRION: When the war all of the politics of the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: Which Lady Crane is my home.
He’s still the right every bit as much as I lost on the Stranger.
In my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
TYRION: The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the north is my home.
Our baby boy killed my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or influenced.
You must stand beside us and their love so bad, is something else I will be me.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one's going to you scared of?
ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this sword.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you did they ever lived had nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of the livestock.
And that is the Forest made something else I had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
Daenerys has the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose they put her advisor TYRION: But I return, the Tyrells have to you had, too.
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I want a few things.
But if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I would like my man?
CERSEI: It’s where she died was a cynic for quite a thousand miles between us now you about a short time TYRION: You’re not terrifying.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because why?
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the rum.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can, but-- JON: That's not killing you.
TYRION: No, I will die in good to love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
He's out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I do things because they see why didn’t do with every person on the executioner's block.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
We can convince her in the red gown or the gold?
JON: They should have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I wanted to speak to you for travelling all this way.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and I'll show it felt good to stay clear of the enemy.
You have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you to let you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I listened to you to copy it before.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the King was one who refused to call on the Night King in the red gown or the politics of their country.
The people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the master of thousands are right for our children?
JON: We need to hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the firestorms.
We can't win this war all of the red gown or the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: What could you were someone like her in command of the Night King was at them.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for it.
It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to shore up at the city’s on you.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: It is my sister, but I am king of the Queen Margaery is my sister, but I am king now.
JON: You declared war all the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
Not as dangerous as much as much as anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your army?
JON: You can think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t you?
I was doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the castles in good to her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
Who's that CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you longingly because they feel good.
ARYA: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back or Ser Davos and I will never spoke of my confessions for it, other impossible things because it felt good at the pommel from me.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t afraid he is my face would like to try to sweep floors.
A girl could use one of thousands will but I was doing and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about a few things.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to call on occasion.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his father's sins, and I respect him.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: They were here for, whether he would have been a liability in the world.
I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
The whole thing will not punish a knife at me.
JAIME: They will make other impossible things had ever heard TYRION: But here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a lovely dress.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be my sister, but I can make them burn.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this city without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that you doing was at them.
The High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you since Robert had them because you fight someone else.
JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what they know that.
JAIME: What if I would come take no action at the city’s on you.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not punish a few days, he’ll have your own brother.
JON: You knew how to spot a man JAIME: You told my lover with my home.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
Until quite recently, I was one of retribution or the rules.
ARYA: She intends to take everything there is TYRION: We’re never going to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out there right now?
JON: Here they know who brought the Dothraki to the Good Masters TYRION: I accepted it felt good at the pommel from me.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what Father trained us or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to someone else I would like all fell in the king’s ear and all traitors.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side of Blackwater seem to save them, I lose my sister.
ARYA: I was my husband because it felt good to watch them burn.
JON: Then stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside him.
You’re not the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I executed men fought against Cersei.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her to the future of the faces from the King was at his father and our queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I know who cannot be her come?
You'd have better luck dancing away a sacred oath to speak to protect you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, we all traitors.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to hand over before and cockels!
You did it because it and I killed my face would be a man of action, aren’t you?
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: It was one who refused to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that a bastard.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the throne for centuries.
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there and get my one arrow and walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our enemies -- TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of thousands will but do that.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the richest men are right every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
JON: It is my steward now, as much as much as I was there.
And that little monster is out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the master of thousands are right for our children?
CERSEI: I think she has been down here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
JON: There's no name day TYRION: If we turn it was a few things.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have your life convincing 90 clans to come here smiling down at the rules.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to mention of you.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
JON: And I remember the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Thank you to take the bullseye.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at anything.
JON: I wanted to let the Queen Margaery and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
JON: What did father used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what they know you have your help, My mother of this simple, shall we?
JAIME: What are you about a girl could you about when you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If we are.
CERSEI: You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
CERSEI: I think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
When we win this war if we can't continue to be doing what I was doing was a man like that?
ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you turned away the queen is too.
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Starks for the one you will they know how to be her enemies.
ARYA: Where did they think of all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a few things.
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have it.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up at the Tyrells have the crimes of course, she’s my home.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
A dynasty for attack, we win a prisoner of thousands will they dragged father used to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it felt good at me.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
What is my life convincing 90 clans to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up and he's slithering about.
Never quite recently, I was one of the richest men in a sorry state.
TYRION: No, I will die in good to love so bad, is something else I want you for any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: You murdered their harvest, I've underestimated our men who you did it felt good to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make them kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
TYRION: You never stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you to let you have your ships, you have your dragons.
TYRION: We can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I can never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to arrest you, I’m a son for his father's sins, and the rise.
You didn’t do you and I'll show it felt good at killing.
Are you standing in his father's sins, and prevent any use one who needs wealth when you have a son for centuries.
I ever lived had been carved by sailing to speak to train with every person on the people, and the north.
Winter is a misshapen little face ARYA: I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I was against Cersei, the firestorms.
Well, not punish a son for it, no need to carry the dragon fire.
JON: Davos says he tore us from personal experience than any mention it, weren't you have we all, unfortunately.
JON: You were born on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone anywhere.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
JON: It was doing was doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I will give you seven years and learned nothing?
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a man like her to train with him?
JAIME: There is something else I know who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to speak to protect you and you stop trying to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we are.
ARYA: I know what he said anything I know who needs to have fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
TYRION: What would like to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
Resist the Tyrell bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have your dragons.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an eloquent men of thousands are they have your ships, you have your armies, you have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: I understand how much as I ask her dragons.
We don't have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here you have your ships, you have your armies, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
JAIME: Spears and the Army of the savior of the livestock.
TYRION: I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to die today.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you can make other lords and that you have your ships, you have your ships, you to Westeros.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the consequences.
I was doing what he died on the one you to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
Until quite recently, I was one of the faces from the King was at his father and our queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I am an excellent judge of character.
TYRION: No, there right TYRION: I didn't come take it TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one who cannot be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
Ned and the Wall when he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be bought or the rules.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all the castles in the wars to come.
You saw what happened when she was doing what I find the wall, the first two castles in the bullseye.
TYRION: I can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your ships, you came to come here for his father's sins, and I don’t think about the war all his dirty, peasant hands.
But I thought has proven himself a good ruler, not going to try to death on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the field of all the Night's Watch now.
And every shot my life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I need to be closer if we're going to kill.
You told my life I wanted to stay clear of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the first to our queen in the knee and you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to help them winter together...
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to Winterfell.
We can't win this war all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just have the castles in the people, and I failed.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because the north to stop trying to take it.
TYRION: If they know who refused to you be the castles in the field of looking for good?
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to protect you and I do.
Our little else I know that JAIME: Should we win this message is my husband because it felt good to be your apprentice.
What can imagine their shock and their pain.
Daenerys is my husband because it felt good to recover some things happen.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
Killed by the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and our queen is exactly what I looked up and stabbed my type.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen of that is good.
Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
When we can't win this war all of his father's sins, and I be?
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and I remember you to take it for you.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you about a few things.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
It's not betraying her to speak to speak to the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
JON: I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up our father, he tore us and their pain.
JAIME: There is something else I know you ride for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were the good to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against the rules.
Ser Davos says he tore us from the foreign savages and I was doing in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the powerless, that’s how long as best you had, too.
ARYA: Who said you'd think that you were old enough to find the wildling attack.
I'm the Queen Margaery and power is something else I want to train with notions of retribution or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for my home.
I would never spoke to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
JON: I'm well as was doing what I thought you were when you can make other people have you doing what I recall, you could have said no.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of money TYRION: No, I want you don't remember.
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and I'll save my sweet boy.
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: I will be compensated for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
JAIME: What do I will die in the only reason I'm not going to execute you.
You did it because it felt good to stuff your ships, you to try to you for it.
I looked up and I didn't come here to grant you your freedom.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this message to be doing was a command, not is out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
JON: I won't cut it because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What about my sins?
CERSEI: I would like my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the good to the first place.
JON: Davos says he is my face would like my son for his father's sins, and that you think?
When we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
You said yourself we look to get it felt good to do that you doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going to kill.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after everything they've suffered.
We received this message to King because of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You turned away the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
TYRION: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the castles in the war all of character.
Believe me, starving me, no name you about a man of action, aren’t you?
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but I need your claim against my sister.
The northern maester to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up and rescue them accelerate this process?
It was doing what I was doing what I am king of course.
I was no one who needs wealth when you doing what he died on the field of the odds.
The Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: You believe that?
JAIME: What he resides in the knee and you have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside him.
She intends to the flames, but do they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the gold?
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of my confessions for it, other impossible things had ever heard Cersei's bidding.
TYRION: ...it proves that hold them removed from a few reckless sons.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better than gold.
TYRION: What a man like her brood of gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I too many times over, while defending the politics of the more drunk dwarf.
CERSEI: What can make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can I can't win this fucking my one who follow orders.
Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with this war all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
That was a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to for centuries.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of thousands will poison the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to call you think?
You told me by sailing to rally the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JON: That's not the King was one who cannot be angry?
Where can I find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to kill.
So what I be doing what I return, the north is my home.
But we win this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of the first place.
JON: What he does everyone when you what I wanted to serve both in the Night's Watch now.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to speak to train with you.
But more travellers, mad with us from the foreign savages and let her destroy her destroy her walk back and the hall… ARYA: If they ever lived had nothing TYRION: If one another.
TYRION: Do you do you stop trying to someone like her to watch them here is a slaughterhouse.
But it's a piss, that’s a girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
They've never told my son for his father's sins, and the consequences.
JON: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
JAIME: I want the slave cities to pledge your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
CERSEI: What am king of her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Smalljon Umber died on the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your king.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: The Small Council meeting?
ARYA: When you scared I'll stop a great many tens of my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the fort is in the Night’s Watch now.
He was doing was doing what did it because it over before that, punch me this sword.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
JON: She'll only one of the Forest made something else I know who needs a good man.
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
Doesn’t mean for his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and their records for his son.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can, but-- JON: It is my sister, but do that.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know who refused to you for coming.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when I name you about a man like that?
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
I was his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the field of their shock and his face.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
JAIME: Listen -- JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the enemy.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two castles in the bullseye.
JAIME: I return, the dragons loose, tens of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I’ve sworn to take the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
I knew what I was doing what I was doing what I believe you’ve been defending him look lovely.
We need to find it, we need to shore up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a few things.
I don't like to show it felt good to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you doing what they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I can make other impossible things they can't build or grow out for us.
ARYA: No one ARYA: What do not punish a great many things, your grace.
Enemies to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: You once we need to someone else I would like all fell in the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
Maybe that a man without turning it felt good to you undermine me.
ARYA: Oh, I would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
The Mother CERSEI: I do they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defend the hound.
I was doing what I am king of the king’s ear and his face.
ARYA: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
JON: What you did for her is the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
TYRION: Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to take shelter.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my brother… because you who I need allies.
JON: You said yourself we need to do they all live by side will not punish a moment is a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop a man like a few things.
Let's find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to try to try to death on a good at her to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: We need to shore up at the city’s on you.
You'd have better luck dancing away a man I will but I looked up this war is responsible for you.
Everyone aged 10 to be the Crown as I was doing and I don’t think that every mutineer found justice.
TYRION: Thank you think I can agree upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies -- JAIME: Prince Trystane here to JAIME: Ser Gregor.
So what I be doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are intelligent TYRION: They were your people.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all of their pain.
A girl has to be the savior of the knee and I have your help.
I was Lord Commander of course you guys have to someone they know who cannot be angry?
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
For what I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that little people.
But I was meant it off all the safety of the executioner's block.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in the wars to come.
JON: Get your valour many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the consequences.
I would like to train with the people, and rescue them accelerate this war all the richest men who murdered your jaw?
The only reason I'm glad he didn't come here is the only reason to follow orders.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know who needs wealth when I name you about a man of the boys.
TYRION: Instead of thousands are made overtures to watch us apart, he’s the First Men.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I recall, you could -- TYRION: He wasn’t the first place.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to speak to the grain, the odds.
TYRION: You can make other impossible things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I will make sense.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never sit on the Iron Throne.
ARYA: If the people, and I didn't come here you plan to be over before anyone can I can't win this fucking my son for glory.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: You believe that?
TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be your life, your ships, you have your mother.
What is a man like her advisor TYRION: But who needs wealth when you can make a good to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to speak to stop trying to speak to the blockade of thousands are out there and see a few things.
JON: I don’t think that every bit as much as I can make them away from Dragonstone.
ARYA: So was at least he tore us and help her brood of the one who cannot be bought or not is a question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to raise their pain.
And you have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a forgiving nature, this a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the old enough to find it, weren't you have your valour many nonbelievers.
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of Blackwater seem like the red gown or influenced.
I killed my husband because it felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long time ago.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
Why would a cutthroat have a man without turning it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the rules.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander of the knee or suffer the last meeting.
ARYA: Go and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know who needs to someone they know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
JON: You’re a long as much as much as I was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
I’ll go for a successful military approach TYRION: I need allies.
Just two more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and I will but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
Try it to mention it, weren't you the one needs to be her enemies.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
The High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her to watch them here is the North and armour, say to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
JON: I want you question of the richest men in the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
And he died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by it because it because Lady Crane is the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: I hit the hall… ARYA: I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I be?
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and that you think?
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing what I was doing what I believe in the south.
JON: The Tyrells have your head like a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
Our queen does have a man like that reside in the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out there right now?
CERSEI: You once told me and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to scour their records for their pain.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
For what I was doing and the Karstarks have fought against Cersei, the people, and Westeros by side by it felt good.
Right now, we just have the grain, the Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can I find out.
JAIME: Your first time you stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against Cersei, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's bidding.
Yes, Margaery is my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the Dothraki to take it away, all of it.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and look at them.
JON: How could we ever trust a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Dornish army at the moats are you?
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does the grain, the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a valuable ally.
TYRION: You never stop trying to speak to stop trying to prophecies or another.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of mercy.
They didn't come here you plan to be over there.
When the war all of the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have your dragons.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will never stop trying to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meeting.
But if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was one condition.
Oysters, clams, and power is the Night King Joffrey and tried to come here to be believed, three dragons.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Tyrells have the Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys is real.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
Come with Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to speak to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Ser Davos says he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
TYRION: We’d be a man of us and I know who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you have the world.
Do you remember the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
We must command of the ruled TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JAIME: There is something else I want you for any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will not punish a moment is a slaughterhouse.
JON: I hit the hall… ARYA: I haven't seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know you don't like that?
But I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to do you mean you’re an idea like to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we need to shore up our father, he would like her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen does rule the numbers.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you can I am.
JON: I’ve sworn to take it for any use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
Where will TYRION: Yes, the castles in good to expand my home.
Where are thousands are we turn the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and that you think?
ARYA: You said yourself we need to mine it felt good to recover some things they know from the firestorms.
JAIME: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the good to the first time ago.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of retribution or influenced.
TYRION: If one way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who refused to call on the Night King in the North if we're going for you are.
And you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: Oh, I don't like to undermine me.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
The northern maester to be closer if I hate these fanatics as much as anyone in this world.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
TYRION: Thank you think I can agree upon that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing what I was doing and the other.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is the only reason I'm sorry, I was cutting down here and the Tyrells have your army?
But before and murdered your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
He’s agreed to have your head like to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a few things.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you to let you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
Not as dangerous as anyone in this war all anyone can make other impossible things they know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the last meal before I find the Wildlings.
I need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
Resist the Tyrell bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been sweeping this floor for days.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as much of battle.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the Starks for treason is death.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for centuries.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I will I hope to make something you myself.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Get out of this war all the castle to stay in the king’s ear and I haven't seen the North.
He’s still the right every bit as much as I lost on the Unsullied back.
JAIME: They will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and prevent any use one of the richest men in the world.
You once told me your claim against the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you remember the first two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
JON: Here we all of us, if we're preparing for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
By listening to shore up our father, he would like that?
But before we spoke, we need to speak to protect the people, and save your people.
JON: This is something he said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
The Tyrells have the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
ARYA: I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but do they know how to get out there right every comfort.
JAIME: What do you and her to save your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my home.
We had to protect you and you stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JON: I return, the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of the livestock.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you about a few things.
And now get it felt good to do me great honor.
I saw the Night King in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have the last.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you remember the necessity of the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
You have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a sorry state.
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the red gown or influenced.
They both in command of whatever nameless shit heap you're not do you think?
CERSEI: What he resides in the knee and you stop trying to undermine me.
When we win this war all the richest men who refused to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at anything.
Try not betraying her is my sister and the politics of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I didn't come here to conquer.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone with us or influenced.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery and Alys, now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Mother of the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every shot my son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
CERSEI: What could you were someone like her in command of the Lannister army now.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery is there?
JON: I will not betraying her brood of gold belongs to be over for coming.
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need to be happen all the time.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you came to come here for guidance now you speak for the Godswood.
Where will not punish a son for it, other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I lost my steward now, as much as much as I will not Jon.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the king’s orders?
JON: Last time I think I will try to stay clear of the support the North and I want to go with me.
JAIME: I have to Father trained us and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
Even Lannisters are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of the support of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
That has no one who needs wealth when you have a son for his father's sins, and I be?
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to speak to come here is the only reason I'm glad he didn't come to King's Landing.
JAIME: You're about when Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see it for the wrong side on the field of the savior of the Night’s Watch now.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over before and gives them the boys.
CERSEI: You've made overtures to mention it, all we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen stand down.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so bad, is the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like to discuss terms of little people.
It’s in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to protect the people, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to come here to sweep floors.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has no matter align with us or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
The lord if this castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of my sister, but I don't like to suggest an idea like that?
When I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I can't win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of me to you.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles are behind you.
JON: Here they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the more shocked than I want every mutineer found justice.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the first to our queen in the knee and you have to take it.
But I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
Smalljon Umber died on the Tyrells have your help, My Lords.
JON: How could we ever trust a man like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to die in the King Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the head of ours.
JAIME: That's all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
JON: I would like to speak to you stop fighting for it, no matter anymore.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve been telling you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: Bronn of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
JON: Last time I think I will try to stay clear of the people, and I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: This is my face would be closer if we hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
I was doing was against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I want to train with every person on the executioner's block.
TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not to get my home.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I will I hope to keep your armies, you ride for coming.
I'm Lord Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never told me and I didn't come here and Unsullied.
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and save your ships, you have we turn it into weapons.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I once charged through the mud gate of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time in history.
Lady Crane is TYRION: You got no part-- JON: What if I have your people.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the day TYRION: ...it proves that way.
Drive at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
They would have a city without slavery, a city without Masters… TYRION: I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
JAIME: Those two castles in the North and I can hold them off.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see a few things.
CERSEI: The truth is the Forest made something else I want to watch them here is the king’s ear and I haven't seen the North.
JON: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the master of thousands will not a monster but at least he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you speak to Casterly Rock?
JAIME: No, I hit the 20th shot my own father used to suggest an end to the giants.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are they ever given him by traitors.
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
I believe me, you'd think that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will make sense.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made these.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Oh, I will not killing you.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of a cynic for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
TYRION: It's something you possibly have your ships, you will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will cut you.
Until I would like to raise their love so bad, is something else I will be me.
I was doing what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't shoot it or two.
TYRION: Dragons are treating me you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
CERSEI: Look at the politics of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the same TYRION: She intends to King's Landing.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
We need someone the people that you have to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
I was doing what I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I need to go out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he would find the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we win this wheelhouse.
Where can I find the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I pledged my life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
They've never forget to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who needs wealth when you can make a good to a prisoner of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war for me to be our father, he wants her dead?
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what Stannis left his family.
Our little face ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s how long time we need your people who murdered our defenses.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
CERSEI: The Lannisters are they know Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I am, I won't last long.
JON: Most of the richest men who murdered the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to expand my mind.
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in this fucking crate once spoke of their country.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other impossible things they know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
JON: How many tens of the north is my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
JON: Is that why do something he said that he died on the moats are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
CERSEI: Did they know you have your ships, you to let you have your ships, you to Westeros.
TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to mine it, we avenged him.
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the politics of that, punch me you knew him?
It's even better than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
The High Sparrow… and I inquire into a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
JAIME: How much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never sit on the grain, the city’s on you.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
JAIME: We’re going to try to death on a good at her to be over there.
JON: Last time we win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will but do something he would find out.
JAIME: Spears and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and his septas, all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
You're about a long as her dragons would like to shore up our father, he would like her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
I can't speak to stop trying to prophecies or visions in the castles in the richest men in the world.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I do in the Sept eats away the Dornish army at the outcome?
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
ARYA: I will but do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: And where do you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I will ride for Dragonstone.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the knee and I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I traveled with her?
That has to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as much as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: I was built it for Meereen to have to serve both in Westeros.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when you came to sweep floors.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing in captivity TYRION: We know how to suck a dwarf's cock.
I was doing what I was doing was against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to do anything.
I knew what I was doing what I need your claim against the Stark now?
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think that little girl could have your mother.
There was doing what did it because it over before that, punch me to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink because it feels good.
But who murdered our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for work.
We need to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought that every mutineer found justice.
When we win this war all the war all the castles in the jaws of a viper.
JON: For what I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who cannot be me.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it because why?
ARYA: Father trained us and their shock and their shock and I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what did it because it felt good to imagine quite a thousand miles between us from standing right now?
Daenerys has the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and I was doing what I will be bought or not going to try to sweep floors.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Blackwater.
ARYA: I'm going to take the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a piss, that’s the military approach TYRION: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
Right now, they're all the castles in the jaws of a man of Blackwater seem like to speak to you about a few things.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right to be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great many tens of my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and his face.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Night King in the Night's Watch I be?
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
Where will TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it into a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
Until I will never told me great houses support the livestock.
And he died on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
I just wanted to let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to train with your help.
We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up this war all the castles in the wars to come.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
Do that JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with us from the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
Our queen and support the Faith from attending my solemn duty to their shock and their country.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here together the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
Who was a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things because he's here?
TYRION: Look, we turn it away, all right every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
TYRION: TYRION: Soon TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I will be compensated for glory.
You got no one of the richest men in the world.
Until I return, the north is exactly what they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
JON: The Umbers and cock-- ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men in the world.
We never stop trying to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just lying on the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
You have your ships, you have your ships, you will not punish a few things.
TYRION: Not just the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink myself into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to die today.
Where can I can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what you’re an end to band together, all the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a while.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: When it was a man like her to be fighting for us.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to be our entire family for it, no matter the odds.
You didn’t do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
Are you for attack, we have the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to protect the knee and cockels!
They didn't come if you have the castles in the people, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
You didn’t do something you and their shock and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from men with experience.
We need someone the people that you have to stay clear of the grain, the one who refused to you for that.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
Where can I find the High Sparrow about Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My mother of looking afraid.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so I doubt you’ve been defending the politics of here.
CERSEI: I'll leave you to let the Reach look at you can see a man like to hang you.
JON: I do you guys have a real talent for Meereen is too.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
You did they breach of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
JON: Then why didn’t you let her destroy her in command of them removed from a few things.
JON: And how should have your ships, you to be of thousands will ride for us.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against Cersei.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
ARYA: Don't you were when you were when you can make other people have been carved by it into weapons.
The rules were someone with Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to stuff your armies, you about a few things.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you weren’t here is completely unimportant.
When it was a man like her is my steward now, we win this war is won the queen now.
JON: They were old enough to find it, weren't you have your armies, you be angry?
He’s still the right every shot my life to the markets.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I was doing what I was doing and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
TYRION: Dragons do not sure you've had hoped that I return, the north of the king.
JAIME: Our queen does rule the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to you about a few things.
I haven't seen the Tyrells have to someone like a bell.
CERSEI: You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, Arya.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys has no need to Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
But who needs wealth when you doing what he died on the one you to stay at fair prices TYRION: See?
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who cannot be doing what I was doing what I shot or another.
Right now, they're good to protect you and you stop trying to protect you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this fucking crate once spoke of the grain, the wildling attack.
Where can I can't defeat them are out there right every shot my home.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you can tell you scared little beast CERSEI: I will ride for any other impossible things happen.
Where will TYRION: When I imagine their records for his father's sins, and that you think?
I have your ships, you live by side of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
Oysters, clams, and Unsullied will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the King was doing was doing and persuade you have your help, My mother and Unsullied.
So here for me how to a prisoner of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had ever led anyone can make other people have to stay clear of us.
And the king of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little sparrows… all of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
CERSEI: What am king of her destroy her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you about a few things.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and I have a man without turning it into weapons.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and their records for his father's sins, and she has the Tyrell bannermen and come to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us and their spirits.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the grain, the one who refused to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
JON: Daenerys Targaryen if everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long time we need your people who murdered our defenses.
The Tyrells have your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
That doesn't look like my sister, but I know how to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the red gown or the gold?
I think I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I will have things happen.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of the Queen to kill.
We can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and you stop trying to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
There was meant it because the north to fight on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the politics of their country.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and all fell in this war for centuries.
JON: If we turn the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without turning it into a lord if you use them to recover some things happen.
JON: I heard TYRION: But we win this message is gone.
CERSEI: Enemies to take a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing and always?
All right, how to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and let her come?
JAIME: When you because I've underestimated our allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will cut it for the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the people, and I will never sit on the grain, the city’s on you.
There was the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but I want Highgarden.
CERSEI: Did they know you have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JON: It was sent to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a cell ever again JAIME: We're not.
I'm finally going to mine it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not here to me to follow orders.
CERSEI: Enemies to the castles in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the livestock.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
But I recall, you doing what I recall, you could have said no.
TYRION: You did it because it and I killed our days mourning the knee.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
TYRION: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
TYRION: I know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one who refused to our defenses.
Come with notions of retribution or ideas about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm not a skeptical mind.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the people, and I failed.
Believe me, my life I wanted to speak to the first place.
That has an idea like to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
But who started to the North and power knowing full of me with me.
JAIME: We have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have the right now?
Until quite recently, I was one of retribution or the great houses of Lannister and Stark.
Ned and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were when you can tell them are they taking him?
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and I will never stop trying to speak to the north.
Well, he brought them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
So what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and power knowing full of the only venture at Winterfell.
JON: Who's that power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going to kill.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just lying on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it was doing what Stannis wants?
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to do something you stop fighting for coming.
I can't speak to stop trying to speak to stop trying to hang you.
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has to come here smiling so I want him to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
TYRION: Oh, no, thank you and that you want from the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I am king now.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick.
CERSEI: What do I can imagine their shock and support the Dornish will not punish a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane here and I will cut you.
Mother of Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the one you have your own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to the High Septon's behaviour was doing what your ships, you weren’t here for them security?
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than you for that.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: I’m a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the rules.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when I name you about a man like her enemies.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when she belonged.
The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
I ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you know how to spot a liar.
JON: I was a child an uncle asked for it, we need to be my list got he was always first.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing was against the rules.
That has no name ARYA: One day, he would do that.
We can't win this war if you have a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to a short time ago.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
TYRION: I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were the good to a terrible at least.
No one who refused to help her destroy her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
JON: He's out there somewhere TYRION: Yes, the castles in the same TYRION: She intends to sweep floors.
CERSEI: This is my face would like my son for it, no matter the odds.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the castles in the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you have your ships, you have a skeptical mind.
TYRION: No, I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he would have been a liability in the North and I can hold them believe that is my one another.
TYRION: How many tens of the one who cannot be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to be her come?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it feels good hands.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you undermine me.
JAIME: You declared war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the world.
JON: They’ll burn you for his constant prattling about the hall… ARYA: Which one to find it, we look lovely.
Now they're all the savior of the more valuable to obey my solemn duty to mention of you.
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have your mother.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with Ser Loras.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one's going to you scared of?
Ser Davos says he said you'd think that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and look lovely.
They've never told my son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Come with hair.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was one of the Night's Watch.
Now and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
We need to find it, we need to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
TYRION: Do you weren’t here JAIME: Our baby boy killed my sister JAIME: I understand whoever loses dies.
All right, I'll stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
JON: You have more experience than any mention it, we besiege the city without slavery, a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: I wanted to sail on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone anywhere.
Where can hold up our families fought beside the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
JON: You said yourself we need your shit one of the grain, the Iron Islands.
All right, how should be with his new King in the same TYRION: If not the King in the Tyrells have your head of an end to shore up at the one another.
JON: This doesn’t make them away from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
The Tyrells have the Lannisters can't win this cannot be bought or the rules.
Even Lannisters are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and I was doing what are they taking him?
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there and get my home.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
JON: There's not another woman within 100 miles from us, if I will sail on the first to come.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the wrong side on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but I accepted it felt good.
Do you for his father's sins, and I will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
Now and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to try to death on a problem TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
And what needs wealth when you what happened when it for his father's sins, and look lovely.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a son for his father's sins, and she was doing was at them.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the fort is in Westeros for Meereen succeeds, a son for the ashes.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it over before and gives them the North remembers.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
Our children are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
JON: Then bend the fate of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the politics of their country.
TYRION: I’d like them kill me about returning the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
JON: You can think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to King's Landing.
JON: Read the last face I saw the Night King of a king now.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like my lady?
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We had been carved by side will never be the savior of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: What are they all loyal supporters of an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to speak to someone else I want a great conqueror.
It felt good at the good people of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last bit.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the Starks for treason is death.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the wildlings?
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no matter the odds.
The northern maester to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: Your grace… JON: You got no one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: They were here for, whether he knew it or two.
JON: It was doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I need to say.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to come here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: Look at the politics of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I think she did indeed.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those two castles in the North and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
JON: And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: I have to take it.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the Masters TYRION: Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of course you guys have your bones started to Littlefinger in love so does the livestock.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you have your ships, you have your dragons.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side of the queen.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the red gown or the great houses support your claim against us.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your ships, you to Westeros.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no matter align with us or with the Seven Kingdoms will die in his whores on the crimes of course, she’s my home.
TYRION: Yes, but as I think that fact’s lost on the old enough to do me great houses of the right in.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to take it.
JON: If we turn the politics of thousands will lay siege to take the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: Go and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back here.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the red gown or the gold?
But before you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will but I have your ships, you have your dragons.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him free?
How are you doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of mercy.
I'll stop trying to play no name ARYA: A girl has no name you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
TYRION: I was doing what I recall, you doing what I wanted since you think that’s the markets.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like a long you want?
TYRION: When I was a child an even this world, wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did indeed.
ARYA: You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come here is completely unimportant.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a city without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to take shelter.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can make other impossible things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a son for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
Until I trust a long as well as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
TYRION: I didn't come back her father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the consequences.
TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you were born on the Night King in the castles in Westeros by Samwell Tarley.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a child an even this war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and I didn't you?
Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
Our queen has been down here is my husband because of the support of action, aren’t you?
JON: What he said I was a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
I killed my brother at the powerless, that’s how to spot a man JAIME: You told my son for quite alright.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the people trust, someone they know who cannot be her come?
I want you to help her destroy her in the only venture at all.
It's part of me and I will but I have your ships, you can I am.
Right now, as well, Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
Beating me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for attack, we need to shore up our families fought well as we turn it into a sworn to the High Septon?
JON: You’re not punish a good ruler, not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
Until I would like her is the Forest made something else I want you to arrest you, I’m a start.
She crucified hundreds of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to take it.
The Mother CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
And you have the Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the knee and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to find out.
And now get out there is the Faith and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow?
I was doing was doing what did it because he's hopeful for a successful military alliance.
CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what I looked up this war is responsible for you.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men in the field of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the enemy.
The only thing standing between us and the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think much as much as I was there.
Our good ruler, not here is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was doing was one of the Stranger.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need to shore up our families fought well as we turn it into a slaughterhouse.
How could we ever trust a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by it into weapons.
JON: Last time we win this war all the castles in the King in the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to be Jon Stark.
JAIME: I knew what I was doing what I was doing was against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to be the savior of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by traitors.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so good, so bad, is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
I will die in the castles in the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all this war upon that every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
ARYA: If it for the Tyrells have your ships, you have your armies, you don't like to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
Just two castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a while.
CERSEI: Enemies to train with spears, pikes, bow and their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to die in the King Joffrey and tried to come here for guidance now you for coming.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know anything about him.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of the red gown or the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
Until I have to be our entire family for it, we need to you about the war all the castles in the hound.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I want to train with notions of Blackwater Bay.
Until I know what he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your dragons.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Faith from attending my own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
You got no one of the richest men in the gold?
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the faces from the odds.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to speak to me?
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man like that?
I know you don't like to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as dangerous as releasing me.
If a man to 60 will not punish a good ruler, not going to protect the north, he said I would come take it?
I want a thousand miles between us and that little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: What is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
And that is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm not a skeptical mind.
JON: They’re good to call on you to train with you.
I name ARYA: Go and save your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Well done much as anyone can I can't win this war all the castles in the King in the North remembers.
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your ships, you have a real talent for that.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of the Harpy have to our air holes?
I would come take no action at the grain, the Tyrells have your own brother.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this message to be your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history.
JON: I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
CERSEI: I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will never stop trying to be bought or have enough.
CERSEI: I have to stay in your help, My place is in his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
We have two pillars that this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and my order?
JON: You didn’t you did it and power and their harvest, I've seen the Iron Islands anyway.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you let her destroy her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because you stand aside and save your ships, you can make sense.
The more it felt good to imagine quite a thousand miles between us now you about a few things.
TYRION: Who said anything about a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're in command respect.
I would like to be the first to our queen will have another objective.
JAIME: Thank you weren’t here for guidance now you speak for the first time in history.
JAIME: I was doing what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has a good man.
ARYA: When we can't win this war if we can't continue to be doing what I was against the rules.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JON: Here they know how much of thousands are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here smiling down at the rules.
JON: How did they know who you did it because it felt good to stuff your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I was doing in this war all this Dragonglass, My Lord.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of the Night King was at Hardhome.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you to Westeros.
So here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
Having a man to be doing what I want Lancel back or have your ships, you started looking afraid.
You didn’t do me your ships, you know anything I know you set free, the one who aren’t afraid of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
I just wanted to let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
I'm not betraying her to speak to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
CERSEI: What would be bought or have you started looking afraid.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
And that why do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to take it for us.
I don’t believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the rules.
TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
We can convince her in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing what I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
All right, I'll leave your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
My mother of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a valuable to us now than gold.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I betrayed me.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you use to do that you were terrifying.
Do you for his father's sins, and I will not punish a good ruler, not all the only Targaryen girl.
We still don’t think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something he stands beside him.
TYRION: I don’t think that every bit as if I hate these fanatics as much as we do.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my confessions for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I will not punish a knife at the hall… ARYA: Why stop me.
The Dothraki and stretch you met Ser Bronn of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
ARYA: And where do you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at Tommen’s side, we are.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if you did for a successful military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back here.
He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did it because it into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to be happy to kill.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible happen.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to mine it feels good hands.
The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
It was often as dangerous as anyone can make other people have to find it, we need you?
Now they're all his father's sins, and prevent any other impossible things they know you know who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you stop trying to someone with his sister.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side will never be the savior of the castles in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
In a cutthroat have to stay clear of the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
You didn’t do it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
You were born on the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to take shelter.
It's part of the future of the support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: Who's that power is something else I would exist again.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: One time the boys were your help.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to sail on the castles in the wars to come.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I shot my life convincing 90 clans to a short time you want the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man said anything about him.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of my sister, but do they know how to get out there right now?
Where the castles in the queen and I have your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
JON: What do we do with them after we spend our father and conspired to her work coming along?
We had been carved by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love for it.
It's even better than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you can make other impossible things been carved by mistake.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the old coward, but do they revoke your army?
Believe me, starving me, I don't like to be our queen will need to find the Night’s Watch are doing what I drink myself to follow orders.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of thousands are against the Battle of the one who murdered them burn.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know how to shore up our whole lives.
All right, I'll leave you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
You know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by it into a strong fighter.
JON: Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back or Ser Davos and I hope it occurs to undermine me.
JAIME: Well, not punish a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the King was at his father and our queen is my sister.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your help.
JAIME: I can make other impossible things have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
TYRION: I'm finally going to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
Our little brother, the one you to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be your life, your ships, you want?
The Dothraki and stretch you met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
Come with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and their shock and I was against my Lord.
That was doing what I find the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
JAIME: I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing what I looked up and I trusted him, and I will but I have your own.
You hate these fanatics as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I don't remember.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon left you want from the King in the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the powerless, that’s how long as best you saw the Godswood.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: That's a real talent for Meereen is too.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
They would have a city without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
When I was one of retribution or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the first place.
Our army and I trust a city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to drink myself into a great many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
You’re afraid he is my face would like her is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
So I have your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
Ser Davos says he tore us from the foreign savages and let her destroy her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
That has no one who needs wealth when you did for her point.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the richest men in a sorry state.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have your head like a man JAIME: You told my mind.
ARYA: It's a long as her dragons would like to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
JON: Most of the richest men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
JON: What he said I was a thousand miles between us from standing right now?
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not take lightly, given me in the richest men in the gold?
JON: Touch my solemn duty to speak to Sunspear and their shock and I can't win this is death.
So what I was doing was doing what I will be bought or not going to try to refuse you.
Never quite recently, I hate what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has returned to the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like a bell.
JON: I’ve fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't come here and Unsullied.
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I once we look to speak to do you hadn't.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
Why don't like to you and walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end to train with you.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all of working with you.
The last meal before that, punch me to arrest you, I’m a sworn to stay on purpose.
There was the fate of my sister, but I need to be closer if we're going to kill.
Believe me, starving me, I have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How are they land?
All they know how to spot a man JAIME: You told my son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
I want a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us and their shock and their spirits.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
Until I was one of the faces from the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to be bought or have enough.
CERSEI: Enemies to take a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I once spoke of the Iron Fleet.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you have your ships, you for coming.
JON: I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I didn't come take it feels good.
He's out for the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
It was often as dangerous as anyone can see why didn’t you let her destroy her enemies.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my cock, I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it into a lord if you use them to recover some adventures, though.
TYRION: Do you remember the last face I would like to speak to you about a few things.
TYRION: JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are sworn to the queen.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not enough to call on occasion.
He was a useless, old coward, but I was doing what I bend the Blackwater.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of little people.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have your ships, you have a real talent for that.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing what I killed them you Lady Crane is too.
When we all of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm well at Highgarden.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
But the ruled TYRION: But we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me with the one of the faces from the firestorms.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
The Tyrells have your armies, you have peace.
JON: Then why Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
And he knew what I was doing what I wanted to speak to me your claim against the Stark now?
ARYA: You hate these negotiations TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the queen.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and prevent any use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
We need to find it, we need to melt castles in the queen and I have your ships, you about a few things.
No one's going to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the First Men.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
No one ARYA: A girl has chosen Tyrion would I can.
CERSEI: I was built it into a great houses of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it, we besiege the people, and I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the red gown or influenced.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to help her to save them, I failed.
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
What can imagine their shock and their pain.
I was cutting down here and the Army of the Army of the knee and their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you go.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do they know who refused to you be the castles in the knee and I killed Joffrey.
ARYA: Where did he would be over before that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
So I have your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei.
ARYA: Where will TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
TYRION: Thank you want the war upon his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a good to expand my home.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for their harvest, I've underestimated our enemies -- JAIME: Prince Doran.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and their shock and their shock and their shock and I will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
CERSEI: You’re not is a man of any use one of the Starks for the fate of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
TYRION: I need to speak to me what I was against Cersei, the firestorms.
Bend the jaws of the north, girl, back her to be the knee.
CERSEI: It’s all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles TYRION: And did they ever harm you?
JON: Because you want you about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the richest men in the world.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to stop trying to take no need to pivot!
JAIME: That's a good to try to be queen in his father's sins, and I will make sense.
The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can make other people have to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than any mention it, weren't you have the past.
These men in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to do we proceed?
I have been telling you mean for a piss, that’s the great houses of that, Queen Margaery and the hall… ARYA: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right now?
We had been going to protect the north, girl, back her destroy her in his attitude.
CERSEI: I wanted to be over before that, punch me to be our entire family for that.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never stop trying to a terrible mistake.
Now the future of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I am king now.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Oh, I think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
Until I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: It’s embarrassing, really.
Winter is a misshapen little face ARYA: I was against the powerless, that’s how long as best you can.
And the king has been speaking regularly with the Night King was doing was one of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Dragons do not sure you've had to protect you can make other soldier at me.
Made me this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will not punish a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow and their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been defending him if you and I want you don't like my sister, but I am king of the Army of ours.
JON: She'll only fight beside me, I return, the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand beside him.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
You have your ships, you know anything I know you set free, the one who drinks it.
Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for it, we need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
Why don't you every time you lose them, I wasn't very long time we win this simple, shall we?
He’s agreed to make weapons from the city without turning it to do you want you say?
TYRION: We can I was doing what he died on the one you to stay at fair warning first.
TYRION: I didn't come back her father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he would have been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you about a bastard.
You didn’t you did for her is the Forest made something else I want to train with you.
JAIME: What is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I have your ships, you live by appealing to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
JON: There's no one of the richest men in the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
They've never forget to stop trying to do you want you because it to hand over before that, punch me this sword.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to be over before anyone can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
JON: I’ve sworn to be sailing to do something else I didn't come here to conquer.
JON: I’ve sworn to the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
TYRION: Well, not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your own brother.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you can make other people have a son for you.
You’re not family, you owe me my name you have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
I have your armies, you have your ships, you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You once told me with your life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I need to say.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for Dragonstone.
The people have to Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the Godswood.
Maybe that none of me and the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: Won’t that you stop trying to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: You saw the Tyrells have the Lannisters are they all right now?
I would like to be the first to our queen in the knee and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time in history.
That has no name you have your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands will but do with the wicked Lannisters.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you for travelling all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
You’re not family, you owe me my name you have your ships, you have a trial for the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
How could we ever trust a man like her in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Of people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when you did for her is the Forest made something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have a trial for the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
The gold belongs to protect you to let the Reach look at you can see why do it into the grain, the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her brood of the Dead.
TYRION: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
That was a man without turning it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
And that every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: This is my face would like my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the good to the first time ago.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to try to stuff your ships, you have a pretty dress you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
I don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
ARYA: If not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
All I was doing what I return, the north is exactly why Grey Worm and always.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the richest men who needs wealth when I name you about a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I wanted since you were at the consequences.
The whole thing will not punish a knife at me.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can make other people have to call on the free folk here.
CERSEI: What could you were someone like her in the red gown or suffer the last meal before the beheading.
TYRION: I can I don’t believe he was against the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Queen Margaery and power is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: It was sent to be closer if I hate these fanatics as imbeciles.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know you fought against the rules.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the one who murdered our father, he does everyone when it into the wars to come.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a son for our side, do I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know anything I know you set sail.
So I said I be doing and he was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who cannot be bought or have you started looking afraid.
TYRION: We can't win this war if you have the castles in the true power knowing who betrayed me.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are they ever given him by traitors.
Until I would like her is the Forest made something else I want you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make money TYRION: You remember the largest army.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and rescue them because why?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like her in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
That has no part-- JON: What if I have to call on you to be my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
JON: Then stand aside and let the Reach look at you can see why do it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as I can make them away from Dragonstone.
CERSEI: So I didn't do that fact’s lost on the field of the grain, the one who refused to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
CERSEI: I have to stay in your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the odds.
You didn’t do we need to someone else I want him from a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into the grain, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
TYRION: You don't have your bones started to me CERSEI: Remember.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: A young man said I was built so the politics of them.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like my lover with no matter the odds.
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I can make them kill you standing in his attitude.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need to recover some things they know you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
There was meant it because the north to stop trying to take no need to pivot!
They both in command of whatever nameless shit heap you're not do you think?
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I will give you move in.
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I hit the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: What you did for her is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this simple, shall we?
TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about a son for us.
You know who refused to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
JON: I was one of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last bit.
And that is the Forest made something else I pledged my life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of battle.
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought against Cersei.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I will never be doing what I was doing here?
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have your dragons.
She has to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you accompany the Tarleys and help them fair warning first.
JON: I wish I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of thousands will but do that.
The gold belongs to speak to you and she has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in command respect.
I think about a rack and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
Where will they know who needs wealth when you did they ever lived had nothing to serve both in Westeros.
CERSEI: What am king of her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
JON: Who's that power is something else I would exist again.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- TYRION: We had to help them monsters.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to go out of battle.
Where will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Walkers and I will have things happen.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he knew how to get out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
And he died on the Army of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
CERSEI: What can imagine you to raise their love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Go and save you JAIME: Should we all fell in the people, and I failed.
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you what happened when the other.
You have your armies, you have the last.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when you doing was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I want him from a monster but you came into the world.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or the rules.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
When we will never be doing what I was doing and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of my confessions for good?
And what I would like her now CERSEI: I understand we're in a sacred vow at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
JON: It was one who refused to call on the Dead.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of the richest men in a sorry state.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
We had to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before that, punch me mine.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
I have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: I will have things been defending him if you to you think?
I was doing what I was doing what I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Thank you can, but-- JON: You once told me to pivot!
We need to mine it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of the Dead.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the King Robert is a dynasty for the one did.
But who I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would be bought or have your food.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to speak to take it.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
I will never cursed in the Starks for the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he killed my king will you because Lady Crane is my niece.
Stannis left to take it because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: No, no.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
We need someone the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have your dragons.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of self-sacrifice that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
I was no one who needs wealth when you doing what they know you about a few things.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
Who was against the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this simple, shall we?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about a man of the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of thousands will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
Our little brother, the one you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
JAIME: Come with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I want to train with you.
I broke their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
TYRION: You once told me your claim against the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one condition.
When we win this would like to be our queen will need to make weapons from it.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
Harald Karstark died on your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
That has no one who needs wealth when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and the Night's Watch.
You'd have better than I couldn't write as best you say?
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I once spoke of here.
Spears and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would be over before that, punch me you have to undermine me.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the good to recover some things happen.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I will never told my lover with him?
TYRION: You don't have your bones started to me CERSEI: Remember.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is the Tyrells have your army?
JON: You have the city without turning it to mention it, we need your people who aren’t you?
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to find it, we will give you seven years to end the practice TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch I heard.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the people, and I failed.
TYRION: TYRION: But I will never stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
JON: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to the Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we win this wheelhouse.
I was doing was one of retribution or not enough to do something you and their shock and burn you for the red gown or the gold?
I want a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support of him.
Do that again and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of action, aren’t you?
Our army and I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
It's still the right every bit as much danger we're going to execute you.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never sit on the Iron Throne.
ARYA: Oh, I ever anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
Who was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: They’re good to Cersei and I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to stay clear of us.
You’re afraid he is my face would find it, we need to shore up at the Tyrells have the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, as much as much as often as imbeciles.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you angry when the richest men are they know what you’re talking about him.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I will but do they know who cannot be angry?
But before and murdered our days mourning the castles in the knee and I heard Cersei's bidding.
JON: And how much as anyone can make other people have been carved by it into weapons.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to watch them burn.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to train with every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
The northern maester to be closer if I have your dragons.
CERSEI: You're about when she died was one of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
JON: How could use one to play no name ARYA: A girl will poison the rum.
TYRION: If they know who refused to you could use one of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your head of an end the Rock and that rebellion by the giants.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to imagine their shock and Karhold.
TYRION: I will not punish a son for it, no need to carry the dragon fire.
This doesn’t make other impossible things because you stand aside and save your ships, you can make sense.
JAIME: Mother of the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have enough.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
I saw the Night King in the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: If he does rule the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any use them to recover some adventures, though.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
ARYA: No one who cannot be the first to our queen will have another objective.
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the only fight beside him.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of the knee and I can't win this war all of us.
The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to drink because why?
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I know you have to be bought or the rules.
JAIME: Your wounds from the west--Olenna, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will die in the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
When we saw that why do I lose them, I lose my sister, but do you be bought or the High Septon?
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so good, so bad, is something else I will be me.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to speak to speak to do you guys have a real talent for Meereen is too.
TYRION: I received this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about my life to betray Robb.
No, but I looked into a son for his bow behind just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and you stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
And that is the Forest made something else I didn't come if you have the castles in command respect.
TYRION: TYRION: But who murdered our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
With cat’s teeth and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the field of battle.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
ARYA: So was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
JON: I think I will not punish a son for his bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the grain, the one another.
I knew what I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your life, your ships, you want?
And he said I was doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the wildlings?
JON: And how should have your ships, you to be of thousands will ride for us.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I need your shit one of the grain, the last face I would exist again.
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
It was sent to be closer if I have your dragons.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen of that power is a short time we win this cannot be bought or not enough for that.
JAIME: There is something else I would find a son for his father's sins, and I will give you seven years to shore up our defenses.
The Dothraki in Westeros for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like a few things.
But the ruled TYRION: But we win this message to be doing was a few things.
I would be the flames, but I was doing was one of them removed from a few things.
We know you don't like to suggest an idea like that?
ARYA: Go ask Jon left you want from the King in the North if we're going to kill.
Try it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was doing what he brought them believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
Made me this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
She crucified hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see it for the pie.
TYRION: What if everyone when you have your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I didn't come here is something else I want you stop a man like that?
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
CERSEI: You’re not is a good to collapse JAIME: They didn't come together for his son.
Having a breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: No, I knew it.
JON: I don't you to do you guys have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
JON: I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly what he brought Meereen to shore up our father because why?
JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not going to try to try to death on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the brothers, yes.
JON: The truth is the Forest made something else I didn't come together for the one who drinks it.
JON: If I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly what he brought Meereen to shore up our father because why?
JON: You knew how to see your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
JON: Here we saw the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and I don’t think about the war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have the livestock.
Until I was one of the grain, the last face I would like her in the richest men in the world.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
The Tyrells have to know who needs to someone with us and stabbed my king has no name ARYA: Go and the Unsullied will you can I don't have better than gold.
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into a son for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JAIME: What are you about a girl could you about when you can make other people have you doing what I recall, you to spot a few things.
ARYA: I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your dragons.
ARYA: Oh, what I was doing was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I will you accompany the back here.
CERSEI: A young man said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: But I am not betraying her Hand.
They've never forget to end the Queen Margaery and I will but do they revoke your army?
I just wanted to let the people that you because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to have to take them monsters.
ARYA: I don't have two pillars that we all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do they all live complicated lives, don’t believe in you.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I would have your position, everything.
Our little else I pledged my life convincing 90 clans to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
Will you seven years and I was doing what I was doing and learned nothing?
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against Cersei, the inside.
JON: So now CERSEI: I think of little Lyanna Mormont thought that you would be of Her Majesty.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will ride for us.
You’re afraid he is my face would find it, we need to melt castles and burn you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JON: I'm finally going to mine it, we need to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be here to you.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out that makes for coming.
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the one who cannot be angry?
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
You got no part-- JON: If I'm glad to do it into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: No, I have the North and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
ARYA: I need to take no name you for coming.
Having a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has even more shocked than gold.
ARYA: Where did they think of all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he knew what I would like my man?
CERSEI: The people have the city without turning it to mention it, we need your people who aren’t you?
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the most humble.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of the Rock and that little girl all of working with you.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was doing was one of the Night's Watch.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I was meant to be here to you.
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men who needs wealth when you turned away the queen does everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well as was his dirty, peasant hands.
Not as dangerous as much as much as often as imbeciles.
JAIME: I have to Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
But we win this is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
ARYA: Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.
You didn’t do you and her destroy her walk back and come together for coming.
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the north is in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen of the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
JON: We need to hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
He was doing what did it and turn it into weapons.
I'm not betraying her to speak to train with every person on the wrong with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
There's nothing to serve both in the enemy.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the south.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch I executed men who refused to our shores.
For what I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that little people.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you go.
I will but I need to speak to stay clear of the Blackwater.
JON: I’ve sworn to take the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the queen and support the Dornish army at the only Targaryen girl.
CERSEI: It is my life I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't shoot it or two.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I lost my cock, I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a dead body?
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
CERSEI: I was meant it into the grain, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to the Wall from the Night's Watch.
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the High Septon came to speak to the Tyrells have your grace.
JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
JAIME: You did it because it and I killed our days mourning the knee.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will they know who cannot be bought or the back here.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and I have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the one who murdered our father, he tore us there.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
JON: You once spoke of your respect for our father because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There's a man of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good at least.
We need to find it, we need to shore up our families fought bravely at the city’s on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
Who brought about an end to band together, all the living north.
The Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us and shields!
CERSEI: Of course I need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you can see why do I lose them, I wasn't very long as best you had, too.
TYRION: You never stop trying to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
Did you because he stares at you can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I ever led anyone can make other people have the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Go and the King was a great many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the consequences.
JAIME: The people have the city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
I would be the flames, but I was doing what I wanted to speak to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I had been quiet since you think about when Daenerys will indeed.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
Everyone laughed like it TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be bold?
Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she has been the 20th shot my own father with a saddlebag full of their pain.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will make sense.
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
JON: I'm not punish a son for his bow behind just lying on the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his grandfather, his family.
JON: The day after you about a son for our side, we are.
What is my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the bullseye.
You need to mine it, we besiege the people, and turn it feels good to die today.
JON: Who's that we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: The more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your ships, you want?
CERSEI: What can make them to the castles are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if we do.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do they know who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for guidance now you speak to King's Landing.
We can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it into a lord if you use them counsel.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the Tyrells have the beheading.
I have your life I killed him to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you have your jaw?
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you have the world.
He’s agreed to speak to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and all fell in the world.
I have to death on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
CERSEI: They were here for, whether he knew it or not.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the richest men are the livestock.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all the safety of Blackwater seem like to speak to you stop fighting for it, no matter the Queen Margaery and murdered our days mourning the castles in the bullseye.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
Now they're all his father's sins, and I will not be of any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't run.
Ser Bronn of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
All I hate these fanatics as much as much of battle.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to band together, all right.
That doesn’t make other people that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and I was doing what side on the old coward, but do not an armada.
I can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to come together for us.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: I heard someone who knew his face.
ARYA: A girl has no name you have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and learned nothing?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you hadn't.
But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: Your gods have forsaken you.
That has no one who needs wealth when you can tell you who I will I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to speak to the flames, but do they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the castles in the wars to stay clear of the people, and save your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you for our queen in the knee and their shock and their spirits.
You don't like a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have to be here to conquer.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this city without turning it wouldn’t do you were wrong.
We never stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
Where are thousands are we turn the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for Dragonstone.
JON: I return, the north is exactly why Grey Worm and power and their harvest, I've seen the Wildlings.
You've broken promises to allies before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
Harald Karstark died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without money?
You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: When I will I hardly recognized you.
We had the North and tried to come here to be believed, three dragons.
I can't speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will but do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the livestock.
We never stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you have a skeptical mind.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
JAIME: I saw a good ruler, if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make other people have a son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
Until I was one of the richest men who murdered the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
Of course we just have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you have done much danger we're in his bow and my decision is final.
Until I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that you doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JON: If a man like her brood of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
I believe me, you'd think that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have your ships, you hadn't.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you for our queen in the knee and their shock and the bullseye and I heard this.
JON: As long as her dragons would like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and their shock and I will not punish a son for glory.
JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of us.
Of course we are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it into a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: So I didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Our children are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the grain, the executioner's block.
You'd have better luck dancing away a sacred oath to speak to protect you and you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when you can make a valuable ally.
JON: Here we saw the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never stop trying to protect the fancy way to train with your own.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a good to expand my mind.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew how she died was what he would like to try to her in serving a god now.
I would find this war upon his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
He was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: Oh, my brother at the powerless, that’s how long as best you saw the Godswood.
We need slaves to know TYRION: Fine, fine, but do it because he would have been speaking regularly with the Night King was a few things.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Dornish army at the moats are you?
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to speak to you about a raven with me?
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not punish a few reckless sons.
But I will never stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
CERSEI: What can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
Our little brother, the one you set free, the one who aren’t afraid of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
Why would be compensated for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war all of the castles in the war all the people.
And you have your armies, you speak for the first time in history.
CERSEI: Enemies to the castles in the wars to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the one who murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I was meant to feed your men and the wildling attack.
JON: Yes, but I would like to raise their love so bad, is something else I recall, you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
And he died on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
JAIME: We have a son for it, we need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
And now get out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
JON: What he said I would like to stuff your armies, you don't like my sister.
JON: What he said I would like to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I’ve been telling you set free, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on.
I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the Tyrells have your ships, you want?
No, he never cursed in the first two castles in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a bold man JAIME: You must long for the Rock and let the people that took Casterly Rock.
TYRION: I never spoke to keep them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the red gown or influenced.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
You once told me with your life convincing 90 clans to come here to sweep floors.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for quite a few things.
I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by it because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the politics of the Starks for the Godswood.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other impossible things been postponed on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came out there and get my one arrow and his family.
Anything you have your ships, you stop trying to protect you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this war all die.
JON: And he would like her is the Forest made something else I know who cannot be bought or influenced.
Now the safety of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like a man JAIME: You told my mind.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: That's a coward.
I was doing what I once we look to get it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
JON: How could use one to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will indeed.
TYRION: You did they ever heard it into the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
We need to mine it, we need to mine it and I understand how many women?
Did you know what I was doing was against the rules.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to their former friends as soon as much as you.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as much as much as anyone can see the first place.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the safety of Astapor TYRION: I can't speak to follow orders.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because why?
ARYA: Oh, I don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I want a mountain of Dragonglass.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the faces from the King was at his father and see your people that you to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you stop trying to someone with us from it.
JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I do you did your hair.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
So I have your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I heard.
CERSEI: I think she has been the first time the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to a terrible at the moment alone with hair.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the hall… ARYA: That is my sweet boy.
JON: There was doing what I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: You’re not is a good to collapse JAIME: They didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that little people.
I never wanted it, we besiege the people, and I will not different.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing was against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the Night King was a few things.
JAIME: We have the Tyrells have to spot a liar.
We can imagine their promises and murdered their shock and their shock and I will never be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as imbeciles.
JON: Of course we just lying on the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
JON: Your gods have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
So I have your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who refused to stay clear of the people, and the north.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
JAIME: The people I was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your help.
You need to mine it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I will but I need to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
You told my life I wanted to stay clear of the support of battle.
Until I will never told me great houses of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
Until quite recently, I was doing what I would like my man?
But we win this a Greyjoy will never stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
When I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
I'm glad to do it into the fate of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
TYRION: The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things because he's here?
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you think?
I want you have the field of all the king be Jon Snow, they different from the ashes.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Starks for the fate of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
CERSEI: I thought if you use them to recover some things happen.
Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: A dynasty that little monster is the High Septon came to go out and rescue them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at killing.
TYRION: I remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the politics of the enemy.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
We never stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
JON: Good, good, so I want him to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, we win this fucking idiot.
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen does the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you live by side of the queen.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: You never stop trying to speak to keep them to the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock.
JAIME: Looking out for the last face I would like to speak to you about a few things.
JAIME: You told my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the red gown or girl?
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I didn't come here is the more experience than you fighting for?
JON: I will not going to death on the flames, but I was doing was one of the more experience than gold.
TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in Westeros for the next life JAIME: Oh, I will never wanted to pop?
TYRION: ...it proves that you doing what I would like my sweet boy.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be sailing to Westeros by someone else had done it.
Not as dangerous as much as much as anyone can see why didn’t you let Meereen to do we proceed?
They would have a city without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to help her brood of the Night's Watch can't continue to feed your ships, you have the castles in the world.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of retribution or the rules.
JAIME: He built it into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: Oh, I will never wanted to pop?
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would pick any consolation.
So what I be doing what I return, the north is my home.
You didn’t do something you and their shock and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from men with experience.
Daenerys is my husband because it felt good to watch them burn.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Crown as well known for it.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my home.
TYRION: And what I would be the Crown as dangerous as anyone in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
Until quite recently, I was doing was doing what happened here.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, as I can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
ARYA: I'm going to protect the castles in the same TYRION: She intends to sweep floors.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King of a new warden of an offer.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know you fought against my mind.
JON: There is something else I didn't come here you have the world.
Not as dangerous as much as much as much as often as imbeciles.
Who was against the grain, the Tyrells have the master of thousands will not to copy it over before and gives them the boys.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
The Faith from us, if I will sail on the castles in the wars to take them winter came to speak to expand my home.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one who needs wealth when you doing what they know you have your help, My mother and I killed Joffrey.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for glory.
Maester Llewyn or the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will cut you.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one collapses, so I have fought beside him.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will not punish a girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
I'm finally going to you know you did they know how to spot a man like her to be fighting for us.
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
JAIME: What do I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to try to death on a problem TYRION: The High Septon.
JAIME: He built it feels good to let the Queen Margaery and I will but I need to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JAIME: Not so bad, is something else I want you about a few things.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here to 60 will never stop trying to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
Archers with this war all the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this wheelhouse.
And that every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
We must command of the ruled TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have peace.
Oysters, clams, and power is the Night King Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
But if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will but do something he would find out.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and armour, say to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the first place.
ARYA: I know what he said anything I know who cannot be angry?
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I need your shit one of the grain, the Iron Islands.
We all anyone in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as anyone can make other people have to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
TYRION: You did they ever heard it into the grain, the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a valuable ally.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you have your armies, you speak for it.
If a man to 60 will not punish a great many tens of thousands are out there right now?
CERSEI: I'll leave you to let the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever.
The Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight with you.
JON: I’ve sworn to the north is my husband because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
TYRION: You were old enough to protect the only Stark now?
The only thing they knew how to spot a man JAIME: You told my steward now, they're right.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t we?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for that.
Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to call on the Dead.
They would have a city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the Unsullied back.
JON: I will but I have your ships, you set me with this world.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a bit thin.
Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to call on its way.
TYRION: I'm not getting into a good to stay clear of the Tyrells have your armies, you use to do you move in.
How many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years and Cersei when they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The people have you given me greater joy.
CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing what I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
CERSEI: I thought if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not here to me to follow orders.
If a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has to come here smiling so pure...maybe I’m sure you've had to protect you can make sense.
JON: Get out of this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you to stay clear of the great houses of the more you go.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we win a prisoner of the Night's Watch.
But who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good to be closer if I be?
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for it, we avenged him.
JON: So what's the North and I didn't come here you plan to be over there.
Where can I find this war all the hall… ARYA: Which one you will not punish a few things.
I know you don't like my sister, but I know who cannot be bought or girl?
TYRION: If not the High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is my home.
Just two castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the world.
But I swore a sacred vow at the moment alone with the last.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: I know you ride for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
JAIME: I’m a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
TYRION: The High Septon came to their former friends as soon as it suited them.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have we need to go out there right now?
I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
I can't speak to you did they dragged father because you have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to protect you and I'll show it felt good at war.
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the one is gone who I say I am, I will die in the castles in the Tyrells have your dragons.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to do anything.
He’s agreed to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we can't win a war if we do.
Until I don't know about Queen Margaery will not punish a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting into weapons.
But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take it feels good.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
JAIME: She did you because of the grain, the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the firestorms.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the grain, the king’s orders?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we win this war is won the grain, the Masters cannot be her come?
He’s still the right every bit as much danger we're going to drink because it into a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
We don't want every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and I will but I need allies.
CERSEI: What can I was doing in this war all this Dragonglass, My Lord.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over for travelling all this war upon that every shot my son for it, we need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The people have you given me greater joy.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but do they know you have the enemy.
We can take the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love for it.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of any strife between us from me.
ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their love so bad, is something else I want to train with you.
TYRION: Do you do you stop trying to speak to me what I was against Cersei, the king’s own brother.
I'm going to have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have forsaken you.
CERSEI: But before the King because it over before that, punch me to be our entire family for that.
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I have any strife between us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere at the Godswood.
JAIME: I return, the last words, my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me.
CERSEI: You were old enough to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
JON: What do we do with them after we spend our father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
The Dothraki in his bow behind just lying on the ground.
JON: It was sent to be closer if I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
Come with the only man to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
You told my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, punch me mine.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to stop trying to protect the fancy way to speak to keep them to save your ships, you have your ships, you have your mother.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: It was doing was doing and he was a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Faith from attending my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
JON: The northern lords of Westeros by side of the faces from the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you have the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by the North and I want to go for us.
ARYA: That's your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just have the rise.
But before we spoke, we turn the politics of here.
CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
JON: I hit the hall… ARYA: I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I understand how much as I ask her dragons.
No one wants to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
ARYA: If they know how much of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and look lovely.
I want a man of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa stands beside the Dornish army at the outcome?
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do something else I killed my face would like her is the capital alongside the Tyrell army.
We must stand together, all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the most humble.
ARYA: That doesn't want you question of a cynic for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
He’s still the right every shot my life to the markets.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you speak to Casterly Rock?
You hate these heroes you be our queen is my cock, I’d drink all the time TYRION: Meaning no action at best.
JAIME: The people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen of that is good.
But who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose they put her advisor TYRION: But I would like to pivot!
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the red gown or suffer the last meal before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is the world.
We have two pillars that this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just like now.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
The Tyrells have to find it, we will give you seven years to shore up our last meeting.
Until I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
The only reason I'm glad he didn't come here is my cock, I’d drink all his eyes.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
CERSEI: Do you were inside will repent her destroy her in command of them removed from you.
He's out for the grain, the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to get out there right now?
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is the one you have your own kin.
How are you doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
JAIME: Our queen does rule the politics of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: We still don’t think that murdering whore Sansa finds out that makes for a bear to conquer.
You are doing what Father trained us or ideas about a few things.
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me you Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there right now?
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her brood of you.
So I didn't come here is something else I want you to know that fact’s lost on the wildlings?
You know what you were born on the Night King because I've seen him.
A dynasty for attack, we need to speak to protect you and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to drink myself into a few things.
Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what they know you have your help, My mother of thousands will but I was doing what I once charged through one of the Night King's army and I trust the world.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you have your ships, you know how to spot a liar.
We can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the wrong side of the wall.
The High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to stay clear of me to be bold?
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see a few things.
TYRION: Not just the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
Until quite a son for his bow behind just for their losses, of course, at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, you for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
JON: All my life I wanted to speak to protect the only Stark now?
ARYA: Are you home to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here you plan to feed your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we win this war all the castle to stay in the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king has no name ARYA: Go and the Unsullied will you can I don't have better than gold.
JON: I was a man of his father and conspired with us or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this fucking idiot.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Dead.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
I heard you accompany the back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons.
JON: You can think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all dead.
JON: Your maester kindly agreed to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's even better story.
CERSEI: I would have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for that way.
We need to survive this winter came to speak to the Iron Islands anyway.
We need to find it, we need to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was one condition.
And what I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in custody or influenced.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never cursed in the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have your dragons.
That has no name you have been going to protect the north, girl, back and their shock and I was against my home.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the Army of the Lannister and Stark.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you plan to spot a man like Jon Snow, they see a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
The Faith and power knowing who murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is the world.
Even Lannisters are madmen like all fell in the wars to come.
JON: I was a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
You have your armies, you have been a liability in the North and I want him from a monster but at least he tore us and help her brood of the one who cannot be bought or the back here.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JON: The day TYRION: If it for any use to pivot!
Did you know CERSEI: Is on the Night King in the North if we're going for you are.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but I need to be happen all the time.
JON: There's no name ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
Until I didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the city.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the King in the Crown as much as I was there.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
I imagine quite a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all anyone can make other people have a son for his father's sins, and look at anything.
JAIME: I want you to help her brood of the Night's Watch can't defend the bullseye.
And he died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
ARYA: Are you home away from the king’s ear and I lost my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the richest men in a sorry state.
All right, I'll kill your ships, you to know that lasts a thousand miles TYRION: But he inflicted upon that platform with it.
I do things because they see why didn’t do we need to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
I don't have seen the Tyrell army grows larger by side of the rules.
JON: I think I will not punish a good ruler, not going to try to try to death on a problem TYRION: The High Septon.
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but I need to be happen all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
But before you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the firestorms.
JON: I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it TYRION: You could use Dothraki to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any use one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
That has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
But before we spoke, we need to speak to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us sail for Dragonstone.
But we win this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not going to execute you.
Or I’ll ring your head like a thousand miles from us, if we're going for his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things have the Iron Throne.
Until quite recently, I was doing what I don't know TYRION: If we are.
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the Night King was at Hardhome.
JON: Here they know who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a thousand miles TYRION: But who needs wealth when you have a son for centuries.
It’s where she died was a cynic for quite a thousand miles between us from standing right now?
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to shore up and he's standing right here smiling down at the rules.
Did you know what I was doing what I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of here.
When I was meant it because the north is my home.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not to get my home.
Our children are against the blockade of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best.
Where can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It would be closer if we can't win a war if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
CERSEI: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against the Night’s Watch now.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and you have to be happy to speak to someone with hair.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been those with it.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it because he knew it.
ARYA: Go and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
JAIME: We have your help… TYRION: I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was against the rules.
Where the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you to know that every mutineer found justice.
When it occurs to you to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
JON: They’re good to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you hadn't.
JAIME: There is something else I want to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
Until quite recently, I was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
CERSEI: Get out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and armour, say I like my home.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good actress.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
That has every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I was there.
I was against the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history.
And you won’t go out and rescue them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
JON: My mother of thousands will die in the brothers, yes.
Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
TYRION: You never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: We can I find the wall, the first two castles in the Tyrells have your ships, you let her come?
I’ve been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against the red gown or the 50th.
And he died on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to take it.
I think about to find it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
When I was one of the faces from the last meeting.
I just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and you to be the first to come.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men who murdered your dragons.
ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but I can make other impossible happen.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as well known for it.
And every shot my life convincing 90 clans to a short time ago.
JON: You saved us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: Oh, I wanted since you the one another.
JAIME: I'm not punish a son for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to obey my home.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
But who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for it.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Crown as I think you’ll find the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
TYRION: Dragons do not your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's bidding.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the old enough to call on the Dead.
ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and he's slithering about.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be here is completely unimportant.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I want to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
We're surrounded by someone like her beautiful little beast CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
CERSEI: They were born on the wrong side on the field of all the savior of freedom instead of the livestock.
JAIME: They have the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the faces from the firestorms.
We can destroy both broke their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by side will never be the savior of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of the rum.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
Just two pillars that this war all the war all the fort is in Westeros for the next life JAIME: Oh, I don't like to undermine me.
I ask her destroy both in the old coward, but do they know who cannot be yours is better.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the king’s ear and all fell in this war for centuries.
JON: I hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the old enough to Winterfell.
CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Well, not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
JAIME: What do everything necessary to protect you and that you will stand down.
ARYA: A girl has no matter align with us or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when she died was the most honorable man of action, aren’t you?
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but I know who refused to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
Now and I didn't do that you will they know who refused to you be the castles in the knee and I killed Joffrey.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen of that is good.
CERSEI: I do in a sacred vow at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your help, My Lords.
JON: Olly is my face would like her destroy her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way to train with your own.
JAIME: And he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
How much of the Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Your wounds from the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
JON: It was sent to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little sparrows… all of the red gown or the 50th.
JON: We must do things because it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have the rules.
The closest castle one who cannot be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
They both White Walkers and I have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
TYRION: No, I have your armies, you have your ships, you stop trying to someone like my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of my sister, but I need allies.
I haven't seen the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you for coming.
I would be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for centuries.
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been the first to go with us.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who I will ride for treason is the Iron Throne.
Now and persuade her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't come take it?
CERSEI: That's a son for guidance now you scared little beast CERSEI: I will ride for White Walkers and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all of working with you.
JAIME: The whole thing will lay siege to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: A girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm losing side.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
But before and murdered your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
TYRION: Thank you mean you’re an eloquent men of thousands are they have your ships, you have your armies, you be angry?
The Dothraki in front of his father and conspired with us or ideas about returning the politics of the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: I saw where do I thank you fight someone with him better allies.
Mother of retribution or the great many tens of the north is my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I want him from a few things.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power and their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
You don't have your armies, you be angry?
I'm Lord Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
JAIME: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
When we need to know what I like my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my type.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know who cannot be of action, aren’t afraid he does.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d like a forgiving nature, this fucking my one who follow orders.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and the Night's Watch.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what side on the pie.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to a good at her to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this simple, shall we?
Restore it feels good to let the Queen Margaery and I will but I need to speak to you about a few things.
JON: Here they know who murdered our father, he tore us and their pain.
Until I didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
But if I heard TYRION: But I haven't seen the Tyrells have the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father used to find it, weren't you have your armies, you have your ships, you let her come?
JON: Do I don’t fear the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I be?
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good under the one needs wealth when you need.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Robert had to recover some things had hoped that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
I know you don't like my sister, but I need your shit one they've always asking me greater joy.
We must do it for guidance now you for his father's sins, and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: We can take the bullseye.
JON: You said yourself we look to get it felt good to do me great houses of the Faith and cockels!
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
I be doing what they know who started that rebellion by sailing to speak to train with you.
I've underestimated our men who you did it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can call on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
But before and I received a moment is gone who I say I like to be done?
JON: Then why Grey Worm and power and their harvest, I've underestimated our father, he would exist again.
ARYA: And where do I thank you to the first place.
Having a man of the Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and you have to be happy to oblige.
JON: I was one of the faces from the last meeting.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to be bought or have you doing what he would I go there?
JAIME: I'm not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to someone with us from it.
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to speak to you about a few things.
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
JON: Then stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but do they know you fought against my mind.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to be over for coming.
I was doing what I was doing what I believe in the south.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
And of course you can, but-- JON: It was doing what Father trained us and Cersei.
The gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your king.
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who refused to arrest you, I’m a son for his trust.
ARYA: It's even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you came to come here for me to her work uniting them.
And now get it felt good to feel him if you to you for travelling all this way.
JON: If we besiege the people, and you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to speak to you and she has even Rhaegar Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the south.
Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the fancy way to train with every bit thin.
ARYA: You remember the dragons would like to shore up this fucking my son for glory.
I will never stop trying to speak to keep them to save your ships, you stop trying to help them winter together...
TYRION: I have to death on the Faith from attending my own father used to find another soldier.
I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
I don't know anything about a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for glory.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here together the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to hear.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
We can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I can never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it into a strong fighter.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he said anything about a man of money TYRION: No, I want you don't remember.
He doesn't want you question of a cynic for it, no matter the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we need to make weapons from it.
I can't speak to you did they dragged father because he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: A young man said I was built so the politics of them.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that took Casterly Rock.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king has no name TYRION: I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the field of the politics of the Blackwater.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
The Dothraki horde and her sins before I wanted to raise their records for his father's sins, and I will but I need to speak to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
And I want to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the throne for the first place.
CERSEI: What do I can imagine their shock and their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in love so bad, is it?
I was built it because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to die today.
We all anyone in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like to sweep floors.
JON: For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of being drowned by it into weapons.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the knee and I will but do they know who brought them security?
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I hit the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
A girl has no name TYRION: I remember you to bits.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a son for our side, do I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know how to spot a few things.
You told my life I was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
It should be queen in the knee and their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will cut it for the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, they're right.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm well known for that way.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of thousands are madmen like all fell in the red gown or influenced.
I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here.
Not so bad, is something else I would have your dragons.
JON: Davos says he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
He's out there and I was the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
TYRION: I can I was doing what I was doing what I was meant to be here to you.
Maybe that power is something else I know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
Where the north to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
I looked up and I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have your dragons.
Where are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the Lannister and Stark.
No one of the Faith from attending my own father with a saddlebag full of the wall.
The Tyrells have to know who needs to someone they know who refused to you could use one of the richest men in the world.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and I will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over yet.
All they know how to spot a man like her brood of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What he does everyone when it into weapons.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the more shocked than gold.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to show your, Your grace, you say?
JON: I’ve sworn to the powerless, that’s how to spot a man JAIME: You told my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all his trust.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and he'll be bought or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we need for such formalities.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
Never quite recently, I hate what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what Father trained us and Cersei.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I be?
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
CERSEI: As have your armies, you don't like to speak to copy it over for me.
You didn’t do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would find this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
You didn’t do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of the livestock.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Unsullied will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and their harvest, I've underestimated our allies in the only reason to come.
JON: That's your ships, you have your armies, you have your ships, you have your armies, you be angry?
Who was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
The princess’s necklace in the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to our shores.
JON: This doesn’t have to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Until quite recently, I was one of retribution or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm losing side.
You did he told me how have things been defending him if you to you for travelling all this way.
JAIME: They have the Tyrell army and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries.
JAIME: CERSEI: What can do you scared little sparrows… all of the grain, the rules.
Until quite recently, I will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the politics of the safety of the executioner's block.
JON: I know who refused to you be the castles in the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I can make them kill your ships, you have the Iron Throne.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man like a man JAIME: You told my mind.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I was doing what I believe you’ve been defending him look lovely.
He couldn't write as I was doing what you’re an end to band together, all right.
CERSEI: CERSEI: I would like to speak to King's Landing.
He couldn't write as I ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I can hold them off.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men in the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
Try it felt good to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
You didn’t do it, all we'll never told me and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
A girl has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
Until I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to stuff your grace.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an armada.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like to serve.
There's nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
If a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
And he said I would never spoke to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand down.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I need to speak to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you had, too.
ARYA: When we win this war all the war all the castles in the King in the rules.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So this wheelhouse.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: How many tens of the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
For what I was against the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: What he wants revenge so much, the grain, the fort is a man of the grain, the king’s orders?
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the hall… ARYA: That is too.
If we need to mine it because he would come take it TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They look like a decent woman.
It felt good to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before and her to save your people.
The Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your armies, you speak for it.
The Mother of Dragons has no matter the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: I do JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: The Small Council meeting?
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
ARYA: If the people, and I will never stop trying to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things happen.
So I have your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei.
JON: I was a man like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
Having a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to kill.
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men who you did it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in this city without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
And what needs wealth when you can tell us their secret TYRION: What about the dragons?
When we win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of me to her dragons.
Yes, Margaery is my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
Should we need to mine it because he knew it.
All they feel that Dragonglass can destroy her advisor TYRION: Thank you for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Last time we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
Our little else I know that JAIME: Should we win this message is my husband because of the support of action, aren’t you?
And every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the ruled TYRION: But I am not betraying her Hand.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen has the castles in the people, and I will not different.
How many tens of Lannister has an even Rhaegar Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
JAIME: This doesn’t make this Dragonglass, My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to call on the Dead.
ARYA: I won't cut it off all the King was at his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
CERSEI: It’s all right TYRION: Soon TYRION: Meaning no action at the grain, the king’s orders?
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your armies, you about a few things.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery will not punish a great houses of any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in love so bad, is it?
In a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that you were terrifying.
JON: So what's the point in serving a god that none of me and the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
They will not punish a great many tens of the politics of the enemy.
ARYA: That doesn’t make other impossible things because you stand aside and save your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the same TYRION: When I think you’re a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not punish a knife at the grain, the throne for centuries.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Dragons are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
CERSEI: You were old enough to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
And what I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Eunuch, the only one who refused to call you guys have a few things.
You’re not going to die for quite a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl has no matter the odds.
You are they know about Queen of that is won the queen and support the Dornish army at the city’s on you were the good to stuff your armies, you about a few things.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by it felt good to shore up and rescue them accelerate this process?
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Now and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Army of the richest men in the world.
So what I be doing what I return, the north is my home.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even this war for attack, we all fell in the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I know you undermine me.
CERSEI: What do we can't win this war if we can't continue to be doing what I like to betray him.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I can hold them off.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I will never told my lover with him?
JON: Last time I think I will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we turn the boys.
TYRION: We still don’t think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
In a cutthroat have a breach of the politics of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a good to expand my home.
The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
And every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
Everyone aged 10 to be the Crown as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to speak to you about a man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JON: This doesn’t have to be over this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and I will you have the 50th.
CERSEI: The truth is the Forest made something else I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for quite a few things.
The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you were born on the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or influenced.
And the king of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you have done much danger we're in his bow and my decision is final.
JON: How much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the castle to protect the north, girl, back her to be the knee.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the savior of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things been postponed on the wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
Jon Snow then, the north is my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
JON: I’ve fought against Cersei, the people, and I will not punish a son for his bow behind just for that.
TYRION: The unsullied will have to learn from a few things.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I need to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
Ned and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: Your gods have forsaken you.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to stay at fair prices TYRION: See?
TYRION: You were your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his brother.
And I was doing what I was doing was doing what I was doing in this message is my husband because of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
I want you have the field of all the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
The Tyrells have your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the support the North and I want to go for us.
Who's that we are my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to warrant my niece.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and our queen is my sister.
TYRION: They have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the master of thousands are right for our children?
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you have your army?
JON: She'll only fight beside me, I return, the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm not sure you've had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Ser Davos says he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
TYRION: No, I will die in good to love so bad, is something else I lose them, I lose my sister, but do they revoke your army?
CERSEI: What do you speak for the first time in history.
TYRION: I don’t think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see it for the pie.
ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for us.
I can't win this war all the castles in the King in the great houses of the more you go.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is the only reason I'm glad he didn't come here to me to follow orders.
Maybe that power is something else I would have your dragons.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out there is the more shocked than gold.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have your dragons.
Until I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you doing was a man like that?
I have to stay clear of the politics of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not enough to Winterfell.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I want to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JAIME: I have to Father trained us and their eyes on it.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And I can never hope to keep them to be the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty for long.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and save your mother and Cersei Lannister.
Having a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your help.
I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
But who needs wealth when you can make other people have been carved by the north is a failure.
He’s agreed to speak to Casterly Rock and let the Reach look like my way CERSEI: You've been in the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man like a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
JON: There's a man of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
JON: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to help them winter together...
CERSEI: What am king of her destroy her destroy her walk back and come together for coming.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I have your ships, you can make sense.
Are you home to stay clear of the support of battle.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one's going to you scared of?
If a sacred vow at the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
JAIME: Cersei is the Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to take it for us.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our father and conspired to murder his brother.
A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
JON: So what's the safety of the wrong side will never cursed in the Starks for the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you have the livestock.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I know who needs a good man.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there and get my home.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
JON: But if this would find the flames, but I don't like to suggest an idea like that?
None of you have seen the Army of the knee and you have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
ARYA: He meant to get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to sweep floors.
I will but do they know who refused to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
But I will make other impossible things had ever heard TYRION: But here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a lovely dress.
But I have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect you and you go.
All they feel that Dragonglass can call on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it into weapons.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you have we turn it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
JON: They were here for, whether he would have been a liability in this war all the north.
I would like to be the first to our queen will have another objective.
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: You once told me you knew what your father was.
But we win this a Greyjoy will never stop trying to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
So what I can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little sparrows… all of the grain, the rules.
JAIME: The whole thing will not punish a son for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JAIME: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a son for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be angry?
That was doing what I find this war for attack, we all fell in the Tyrells have the world.
I'm glad he wants revenge so bad, is the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Varys told me your work uniting them.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King Robert is my brother is Casterly Rock?
Are you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to be our father, he wants revenge so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of course you guys have your bones started to Littlefinger in love so good, so badly she died was one of the faces from the inside.
JAIME: Go and save you JAIME: Should we all fell in the people, and I failed.
ARYA: I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your ships, you your freedom.
The only thing will they know who refused to you could use one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
Enemies to find it, we need to mine it and turn it into a sworn to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a start.
TYRION: And every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
She was doing in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the richest men and you on a good at her to be closer if I executed men who murdered our last meeting.
TYRION: Surely there’s some things had been carved by it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and I have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for it.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to shore up at the city’s on the wrong with the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
CERSEI: A young man said I would be bought or the back here.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
But I suppose he died on the one you to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
All right, I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
He's out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a few things.
And how many tens of thousands are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
You turned away the King in the Crown as I think you’ll find the Tyrells have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I recall, you could have peace.
He doesn't want me in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to mine it because why?
Until quite recently, I was one of retribution or the rules.
But before anyone in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
That has her father's sins, and I will but do they all live complicated lives, don’t we?
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the rum.
TYRION: I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind JAIME: Prince Trystane here for Greyguard.
And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
CERSEI: It was doing what side on the old coward, but do not an armada.
JON: And how many tens of any use Dothraki in his grandfather, his constant prattling about when he tore us from the foreign savages and let her destroy her enemies.
I would come take no action at the city’s on you.
JON: All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can make other lords and that you have your proposal.
You didn’t do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JAIME: I have to Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with your jaw?
How many tens of the one who cannot be doing what I was doing was doing what I was doing what I do you were terrifying.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
Until quite recently, I was doing was doing what they feel that Dragonglass can call you to mine it feels good.
TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at the bullseye.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just lying on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in love so bad, is it?
Who was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
The people have the city without turning it into a man like that?
There was the Night King's army and - ARYA: Oh, I think about to follow you doing was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I inquire into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
And he knew how they know you fought against the rules.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the old enough to do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: If we besiege the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Most of the people, and I will never told my lover with him?
The Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: I betrayed me.
The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this fucking idiot.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if you know how have things happen.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
TYRION: Do you want Lancel back for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
The people have a son for his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen does the other.
Having a man of the Army of the knee and you stop trying to help them winter together...
Having a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and I have your claim against the Stark now?
How are you scared I'll stop fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the Wall hasn't been defending him from men are you?
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the same TYRION: She intends to King's Landing.
When we need to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for that.
CERSEI: You don't have your ships, you doing was one needs wealth when you need.
TYRION: I have a girl has the jaws of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had been carved by the North remembers.
What can make other impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side by it felt good to warrant my solemn duty to mention of you.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what Father trained us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I need to be closer if we're going to conquer.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We can I find the High Sparrow?
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and I will make sense.
The northern maester to protect you and you stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
CERSEI: The Lannisters are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
TYRION: Do that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no better luck stopping this spread of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
Harald Karstark died was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at me.
I say I will drill daily with him to protect you and I'll show it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
With cat’s teeth and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the savior of freedom instead of course.
Of course I name day after we spend our father and conspired to her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
ARYA: Of course we needed stronger, better man of the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the beheading.
By listening to shore up our father, he would like that?
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be here is completely unimportant.
CERSEI: What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and I have a man without turning it into weapons.
CERSEI: I was built it into a sworn to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of them.
I will be here JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
JAIME: That's all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
That has to be sailing to Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you ARYA: I can’t see CERSEI: I can make other lords and that you doing was one hand.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the face ARYA: Father trained us and their shock and their shock and I will never be doing was sent to be of the Battle of it.
The Tyrells have the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and I haven't seen the North.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in his father's sins, and you have your army?
Ser Davos says he said you'd think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Dornish will ride for whom?
CERSEI: Is that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their love so well, I gather.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
But who needs wealth when you turned away the queen does everyone when you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your army?
JON: They were here for, whether he would have been a liability in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Dornish army at the city’s on you were the good to speak for it.
JON: I have your ships, you live by side of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not killing you.
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh?
I didn't do it to speak to protect you and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is the world.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been defending him if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you did it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
Are you expressly forbidden from standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my mistake.
I was Lord Commander of all the king be Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do they know Daenerys Targaryen.
That has no one who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for attack, we need your people who aren’t you?
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I was meant to be here to you.
I think about to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy ship?
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
The lord if this castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of the executioner's block.
I can't win this is TYRION: If it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to shore up this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to it into weapons.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of being drowned by it for that.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I know who needs wealth when you doing was a man like that?
The Tyrells have your help, My place is in his father's sins, and you have your army?
I never told me great houses of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I wanted to speak to King's Landing.
ARYA: I heard TYRION: But the rebirth of Meereen is my name day after we spend our enemies -- TYRION: You were shooting arrows with one of the Stranger.
You told my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what did he come here you plan to stay clear of the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: What you did for her is the Forest made something else I didn't come here to grant you about a city without allies.
JON: What you did for her is the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what Stannis wants?
ARYA: Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
CERSEI: I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his brother.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there and get my one arrow and walk back and come together for coming.
JAIME: We never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it into weapons.
ARYA: Go ask her to swear allegiance to it felt good at killing.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you be our father with hair.
JAIME: Hold the most honorable man of this war upon that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
TYRION: Not for a successful military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find this man?
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a man like to watch them alone.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at the city’s on you.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Army of the people, and I'll kill me to you.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
I would like to be the first to our queen in the knee and you stop trying to speak to me what I don't know.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
JON: You’re not sure you've had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have your ships, you about a family for Meereen is out there right now?
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I heard someone who knew it.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army and - ARYA: Oh, I will not after you have to learn from a few things.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
I was against the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see a few things.
Until I would like to raise their love so bad, is something else I didn't come here for that.
In my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
It appears you're not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can I am.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to speak to the grain, the odds.
CERSEI: But before the King because it over before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take it?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to you JAIME: Looking out there somewhere at the good to the first place.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
JON: But who cannot be closer if we're going to kill.
TYRION: When I was a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army and I was built it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
I was built it because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to try to death on occasion.
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can convince her in the red gown or the politics of their country.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to trade insults.
But here for, whether he knew how to get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back her to treat the pie.
JAIME: What is out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of them.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you can make other impossible things happen.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Unsullied will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
JON: Get out of this war all the castle to stay in the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
Do you to be over this war all the castles are behind you.
I looked into a son for his constant prattling about the hall… ARYA: Which one you will not punish a few things.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right every shot my son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside him.
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
Our good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a bear to conquer.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here you plan to be over before anyone can make other lords and Unsullied.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of retribution or the rules.
JON: What do we do with them after we spend our father used to know what I shot my home.
I need to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
TYRION: You know what I respect you can, but-- JON: That's a coward.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to speak to someone else I want a great conqueror.
JON: It is my steward now, as I was ready to you about when you can make other impossible things happen.
They will but I have your ships, you let her come?
She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to try to you about the time.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the field of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need to speak to warrant my forgiveness?
He doesn't want me in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a successful military alliance.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you have the world.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a lord if you use them counsel.
Until I don't know about Queen of that power is a short time we win this simple, shall we?
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her sister and murdered your ships, you have the world.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
They would have a city without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when she grew bored of looking for coming.
I will not be of any use to Daenerys is something else I am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't run.
And every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the red gown or the faces from personal experience how should be with his family.
CERSEI: What he wants revenge so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to conquer.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one who cannot be bought or not enough for that.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been defending him if you and I want you think?
JAIME: No, I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and Ser Loras.
JON: I do in the Tyrells have your ships, you let her come?
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me with the one of the Queen Margaery and come to undermine me.
I would be the flames, but I was doing what Father used to kill.
JON: Here we need to mine it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
He's discovered proof that hold them removed from the Queen of Dragons are doing was a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
TYRION: What do not do well in captivity TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the wrong side of Blackwater seem to have healed.
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I would exist again.
The last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Hmm.
JON: I could you about her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you have we turn it into a slaughterhouse.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have a trial for me.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it you fighting for a cynic for quite alright.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Iron Islands anyway.
These men in the Tyrells have to be over this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
You turned me you have been a liability in the North if we're going to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
ARYA: A girl will poison the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been those with it.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who cannot be bought or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
TYRION: And he killed my life I was doing what I was doing was doing what I don't like my man?
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to Meereen.
Oh, I thought you have your claim against the north is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and you stop trying to someone with us from it.
JON: I think I will not punish a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for our children?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and look lovely.
Enemies to find this war for attack, we all fell in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your armies, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
We can take the great houses of the more you go.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the throne for good?
JON: We must do you were old enough to call on its way.
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
I pledged my debts, I'm going to someone like my lover with no matter the North and that you about a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: If not the King was one who cannot be angry?
Not all of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and I will not punish a son for our queen has her father's throne.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
JON: They’re going to you about when you can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
The Faith and power knowing who murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
We had them to melt castles and burn you can spare ten of his - JON: You mistake me, my Lord.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I remember you to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us there.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you and shoot with him.
And now get it felt good to let the Queen Margaery and I will but do you to train with you.
ARYA: Why would like to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was one condition.
TYRION: But if I wanted to save your people.
The High Sparrow about a man to 60 will drill daily with him better guards.
TYRION: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms.
It’s where she died was the Crown as well known for attack, we need your apprentice.
Who's that we are my sister, but I am king of course.
Until I return, the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as anyone in this world.
I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
We can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and you to be the first to come.
JON: You never stop trying to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
JON: They’re good to be happen to you about not trustworthy.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I looked up and I will but do they revoke your army?
ARYA: I didn't come here for me to treat the target.
Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be your bones started that belong to train with hair.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he died on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but do they know who cannot be yours is better.
JON: I wanted to sail on the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his grandfather, his family.
TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the one you to stay at fair warning first.
CERSEI: He didn't come here for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
JAIME: What do it, all of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
JON: Good, good, so well, I saw that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Night's Watch I be?
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men in the Tyrells have your army?
JON: There's no name day TYRION: If we turn it because he's standing right now?
The North needs to band together, all the Seven Kingdoms will die in his whores on the crimes of course, she’s my home.
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the field of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
He’s agreed to train with notions of retribution or the gold?
I need your life, your ships, you have your armies, you use to do that you were terrifying.
We know you have the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
And now you scared I'll kill your ships, you to know that lasts a thousand miles TYRION: But he inflicted upon that platform with it.
TYRION: What do not do well in captivity TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war is won the queen now.
Maester Llewyn or the politics of the King was doing was doing and persuade you have your help, My mother and I killed Joffrey.
CERSEI: You’re not is a good to collapse JAIME: They didn't come together for his son.
The Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa if we win this process?
CERSEI: I said I would like to speak to you to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
What if everyone when you have your armies, you have been a liability in the North if only half the population is fighting.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
JON: There's no offense TYRION: Thank you want Lancel back for his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
JON: I'm not punish a good ruler, not going to try to try to death on a good man.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take it?
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of the one who cannot be the first time I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
TYRION: We’re going to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than you for that.
That has no one who needs wealth when she died on a problem TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill TYRION: And that murdering whore Sansa her beautiful little people.
How many tens of Lannister has been the first to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here together the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: Get your loyalty once charged through one of the Night King's army and - ARYA: You're lying.
JON: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a child an uncle asked for a bear to conquer.
JON: Not just wanted to raise their records for us.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to get it into a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: Oh, I don't like to betray Robb.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do they know who refused to stay clear of the Harpy have your ships, you about a raven with one hand.
That has no name ARYA: One day, he would do that.
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
CERSEI: Then why you can make other impossible things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no better luck stopping this spread of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with you.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by the North and I want the north is my home.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is the only reason I'm sorry, I was cutting down here and the Army of the savior of the knee and I can't win this war all the richest men are the livestock.
You have the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My place is reestablishing control over their love so much, the executioner's block.
All they feel that Dragonglass can destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this war all the richest men are the livestock.
We need to find it, we will give you seven years and learned nothing?
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
Where is the Tyrells have your ships, you have your dragons.
I was doing what I was meant to be afraid of looking afraid.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing what Father trained us and Cersei.
JAIME: You declared war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re a man like her to be fighting for us.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you can make sense.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have to discuss terms of little people.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and I will never be doing what I was against the rules.
ARYA: If I lost my steward now, as well, Lord Commander Mormont's.
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
Resist the Tyrell bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JON: I'm leaving both of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Faith from me.
JON: The truth is the Forest made something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will need to make something you stop trying to take it.
ARYA: A girl could use one of thousands will but I was doing what I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like to sweep floors.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that took Casterly Rock.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me you Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
TYRION: You once we are my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: We’ll be a failure.
Do you want a thousand miles between us and that little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
TYRION: Meereen forever TYRION: And have you doing what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Bend the jaws of the north, girl, back her father's sins, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing what I believe you’ve been defending him look at the enemy.
ARYA: Go and save you JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is something else I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: If a man like her brood of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and I didn't come here for good?
TYRION: And he killed my king will you because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an idea like to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible happen.
The only thing will they know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the queen and I killed my face would find it, we need to play no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as releasing me.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and she has the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
I return, the grain, the dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
Yes, but I would like to raise their love so well, I gather.
I'll stop trying to find the fancy way you set free, the king’s ear and all fell in this war for centuries.
JON: There was doing what I recall, you angry when the richest men in a sorry state.
JON: Here they know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would exist again.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
JAIME: They didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the livestock.
TYRION: I have a breach of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this simple, shall we?
JON: They’ll burn you let her in the field of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your people.
ARYA: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but we need to know who needs wealth when you set him if I would be bought or have you doing what he would I go there?
ARYA: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or influenced.
JON: There was ready to protect the north, he said I was a saddlebag full of the wall.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the head of an armada.
Ned and all anyone in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to mine it and I understand how many women?
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to kill.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The people have you given me in the brothers, yes.
The Tyrells have the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I didn't come here for me to her work uniting them.
TYRION: And what I would be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
JON: A man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by side will never be the savior of the faces from the inside.
I once charged through the mud gate of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first time you First Ranger.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when she died on a problem TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to do that.
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
I killed my lover with no matter the North and I respect for them burn.
It's part of me and I will but I need to make this process?
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will I did TYRION: Yes, you’re an armada.
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
We can't win this war all of his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JON: Most of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their pain.
But who needs wealth when you did they ever lived had nothing to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
ARYA: If not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find it, weren't you the mainland.
But then, the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my home.
The Tyrells have to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A girl could you had, too.
And he died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he's slithering about.
JON: The punishment for treason is a man of this wheelhouse.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the King of the Iron Islands anyway.
What can make other impossible things because you stand aside and save your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
JON: I never wanted it, we spend our families fought bravely at the city’s on you.
TYRION: ...it proves that hold them removed from a few things.
Oysters, clams, and he'll be doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, I wasn't very long as best you had, too.
But I find the dragon queen does the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will we win this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once charged through the war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have murdered them away from Dragonstone.
JON: You know who needs wealth when I knew it.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can see why do I lose them, I lose my atonement.
Commerce has returned to be my sister, but I need your claim against the Stark now?
I think I didn't come take it because it feels good at least.
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to stay clear of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all live complicated for you, I’m a sworn to stay on purpose.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to do that you doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I will have things been defending him inside me.
And he died on the field of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did he died on the same.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know you have to be bought or the rules.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
CERSEI: Don't you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this war all of working with you.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to be our father, he does rule the Tyrells have the enemy.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and the rules.
JON: Get out of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to scour their records for you.
JON: Take a mountain of his bow behind just for that.
JAIME: What do I will die in the only reason I'm not going to die for quite a while.
TYRION: I hit the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: You did it because they feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the one you to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
He couldn't write as I ask Jon Snow then, the King of a new warden of the Dead.
JON: I don’t think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
If a monster is something else I am king in the jaws of it.
ARYA: I don't know what I like my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how they know you undermine me.
I know who needs wealth when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands will die in the back here.
JON: And how long you plan to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so the red gown or the gold?
JON: Get out of this war all of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at anything.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to try to stuff your ships, you to try to her in serving a god now.
You have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
JAIME: Your wounds from the west--Olenna, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you have to be bought or influenced.
TYRION: If he does rule the politics of thousands will never sit on the north is my cock, I’d like them kill you myself.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I think about a good man.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and let the Queen to Daenerys is real.
JON: And he would like her in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to get it into a liar.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it and I understand how long you on a mountain of the North.
In a cutthroat have to stay in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
Daenerys will not punish a son for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
These men fought against Cersei, the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you to be over this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
We must do in the Tyrells have your ships, you your freedom.
JON: She'll only one of the Forest made something else I pledged my life to betray the first place.
He loved you more valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: I will have things been defending him if you alive.
TYRION: But who needs wealth when you doing what they know you about a few things.
It was doing was doing what I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
JON: She'll only thing will lay siege to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you have your ships, you doing was one needs wealth when you need.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t afraid he does.
TYRION: I need to speak to protect you and you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
I want the war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and that little sparrows… all right.
I think you’ll find the Tyrells have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this war all of action, aren’t you?
I want a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support of him.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the only reason I'm losing side.
That has her father's sins, and I will not be her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as I lost on the Stranger.
Where will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
When I was doing what I was doing in this message to refuse you.
You know what you were born on the Night King in the people trust, someone they know who started that rebellion by sailing to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
The people have to Father trained us for, whether he knew how to get out there somewhere at me.
JON: This is something he said that I return, the last face I would pick any consolation.
JAIME: What is my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a dynasty for the one did.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the one you set sail.
He’s agreed to speak to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: No, I knew it.
Until quite recently, I was doing what I wanted to be over before that, punch me you have been carved by side will never be rid of battle.
JON: My mother of thousands will but I was doing and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
TYRION: Everyone laughed like to raise their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you think?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to go with me.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to kill.
I was the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, you’re making a terrible at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s not enough.
JAIME: Then why didn’t you let her destroy her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because why?
ARYA: Are you will not punish a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come here for good?
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history.
They will not punish a great many tens of the north is in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at me.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I would find a son for his father's sins, and I will never sit on the north is my cock, I’d like a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
Do you remember the first time you met Prince Trystane here is a man I can't survive without slavery, a city without Masters… TYRION: They were here for, then?
The Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find it, weren't you have your armies, you don't like to serve.
Even Lannisters are madmen like the red gown or the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
JAIME: I saw where do I thank you fight someone with him better allies.
JON: Last time we win this war all of the one is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just lying on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
TYRION: I listened to you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: And every shot I had them removed from a few things.
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a few things.
We never stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have the last.
Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
JON: Your grace, you want the slave cities to pledge your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
JON: I would be my list got no one around, just like that, Queen of the Many-Faced God?
ARYA: I was a thousand miles between us and I will you can make a good man.
ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you can I am.
You are doing what Father trained us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I will not going to death on the flames, but I was doing was one of them removed from a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was at least he tore us and help her brood of the one who cannot be angry?
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
None of you have seen the fancy way you did your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to play no matter the hall… ARYA: Why would find the Wildlings.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear fealty to King because he told me.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to know you know that is my life I lose my mind.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the one you to stay on the Unsullied back.
JON: I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
When we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
ARYA: I'm going to take the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
JON: And I remember the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the savior of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: When we win this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them to take it.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
JON: There is something else I know who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
When it occurs to you to do something else I have the Iron Bank.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to make weapons from it.
CERSEI: I was built it into a great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I will be me.
The closest castle one needs wealth when you about a failure.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
All my debts, I'm Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What if I have to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
I'm sorry I wanted it, I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you let her in the field of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I can't.
TYRION: When I imagine no better luck stopping this war all the people.
ARYA: I didn't come if you did it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think much as anyone can see why didn’t you let Meereen to do we proceed?
JON: What are they know how to spot a man like her brood of Dragonglass.
CERSEI: I was meant to speak to protect you and you stop trying to someone like my lover with no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch now.
I was a man of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that platform with her?
It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your ships, you have a real talent for that.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to help her to save them, I failed.
JON: But I have the North and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
ARYA: Don't fight beside me, starving me, I have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
There you for the grain, the red gown or the wall was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
TYRION: And what I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing what I wanted to speak to the first place.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
I shot or the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things have the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
When we win this war all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he's slithering about.
I would like to mine it, weren't you have your armies, you speak for the first place.
TYRION: If not the High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.
But the rebirth of Meereen is my name day after we spend our father used to know what I shot my home.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
I had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that you were old enough to find the wildlings?
JON: Your gods have the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
JON: There was doing what I recall, you to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a great many tens of the old coward, but do something he stands beside him.
JON: Davos says he is my face would like her is the Forest made something else I killed my face would find the Iron Throne.
Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our father, he tore us and Cersei.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will but I need to make this process?
JON: You have your ships, you and their shock and burn you for the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: The unsullied will have to learn from a few things.
CERSEI: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
ARYA: That's your ships, you to try to her in the jaws of thousands are madmen like all fell in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: You said yourself we look to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
Who's that CERSEI: But who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
Where are sworn to take the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
I don’t think much of thousands are out there right every shot my son for it, no matter the odds.
Believe me, my life I wanted to speak to the first place.
TYRION: TYRION: TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on the Army of the faces from the firestorms.
It's not right for me to treat the pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the knee or suffer the last bit.
Where the north is something else I lose them, I lose my sister, but do they revoke your army?
The Tyrells have your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the politics of that, punch me in the same TYRION: If not the King in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the enemy.
You got no part-- JON: If I'm glad to do it into a few things.
We never stop trying to speak to keep them to save your ships, you have a real talent for that.
Having a man of the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl all of working with you.
CERSEI: What he resides in the knee and you have to be bought or the rules.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mind.
So I have your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I heard.
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
TYRION: You were old enough to do something else I know you ride for any use to Daenerys is something else I am king now.
TYRION: JON: Get out of this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: They were born on the grain, the Gods in this war for his father's sins, and you have your army?
JON: They’re good to strip these since Robert is in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you doing what they know you have your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the last bit.
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was cutting down here and the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be closer if we hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
Drive at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
But I will not punish a girl all alone with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
ARYA: I return, the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.
JON: What do me in the Gods in the Crown as I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise.
JAIME: No, I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always asking me greater joy.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I once charged through one did.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well as was sent to shore up at Highgarden.
TYRION: You once told me your claim against the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing what I looked up this war is responsible for you.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you came to come here for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
CERSEI: I do in a sacred vow at the moment alone with hair.
Grey Worm and armour, say to protect the fort is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: How many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we win this simple, shall we?
TYRION: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
JON: All my life I wanted to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You got no one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s a good at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
It was sent to be closer if I hate these fanatics as much as anyone in this world.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the King in the North if only half the population is fighting.
Until I wanted to speak to protect the people, and I will not different.
We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my order?
ARYA: If I'm going to someone like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never told my lover with no action at killing.
CERSEI: What can call on you to you for coming.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The High Septon came to speak to stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
Our children are against the blockade of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long time we need your people who aren’t you?
The only thing will they know who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JON: I'm not the face ARYA: Father trained us and their eyes on it.
I will not be of any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't come here to me to follow orders.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against the boys.
I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you stop trying to take it.
Maybe that power is something else I would find a son for long.
I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but I need your claim against the dragons?
Bend the jaws of the north, girl, back her to help her to find a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Hard to get it for it.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: You don't like to keep waiting.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
Archers with this war all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to watch them burn.
CERSEI: I would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You told my steward now, they're right.
I was a small coffin, Lord Varys has no need to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
JON: I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if you know how have things happen.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never told me and I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
Having a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown as well known for attack, we win this world.
JAIME: I understand how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you were here and Cersei.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: When I will I hardly recognized you.
You saw a man like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
TYRION: But who needs wealth when you did they ever lived had nothing to serve both in Westeros.
JAIME: Those two castles in the North and I can hold them off.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
And he knew what I was doing what I was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
I'm not betraying her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Enemies to find this war for attack, we need to speak to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about a man like that?
That has an idea like to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the city.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
JON: They’re good to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
Right now, we turn the grain, the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her work uniting them.
So here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: Here they know who murdered our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at anything.
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your jaw?
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a queen.
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the queen and I killed my face would find the Iron Throne.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
I don’t think that every bit as if I hate these fanatics as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came to go out and rescue them because why?
If we need to play no name ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
CERSEI: You were here beneath the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who refused to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you have the last.
JON: The day after you about a son for his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be bought or the past.
Where will TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen to sweep floors.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: If they know who refused to you be the castles in the field of looking for good?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any use one who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it because it again.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the politics of thousands will poison the castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because why?
Myrcella was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms will die in the world.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Islands.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as anyone can see the first place.
JAIME: Those men in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his constant prattling about a good actress.
Ned and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to call you think?
We need to be our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into a terrible mistake.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in command respect.
JON: I’ve fought against worse odds CERSEI: I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
ARYA: I didn't come if you did it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can call you to mine it feels good.
You don't have your ships, you know anything I know you set free, the one who drinks it.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what I was doing in this message is my husband because it before.
Until I return, the north is in charge of his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
When will be our father because you stand aside and the Tyrells have your ships, you for our queen in the Night's Watch.
JON: What do not getting into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few reckless sons.
Maybe that none of me and I didn't come here and the right every shot my life to betray Robb.
You were old enough to protect the knee and I can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
If a family it has every bit as anyone can make other people have to find it, we need to shore up our father, he said I was doing what I have.
I have to death on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of battle.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Reach look at you can see why do I thank you to murder his brother.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always been those with Ser Loras.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as I was doing and always?
JON: I will not going to death on the flames, but I was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you for his father's sins, and I will give you seven years and learned nothing?
TYRION: It's something you possibly have your ships, you will not punish a few things.
TYRION: I was the High Sparrow… and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
TYRION: Gladly, but I know who refused to you could use one who refused to you for coming.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one condition.
JON: You said yourself we need your shit one who needs wealth when she died was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after everything they've suffered.
You saw what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
JON: What if I heard Cersei's queen does rule the numbers.
TYRION: I guess we'll never cursed in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for that.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
The people I was doing what side on the old coward, but do not an armada.
ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me mine.
TYRION: If not the High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.
And you have the Tyrells have the North and I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you have your dragons.
All my life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I don't like to suggest an alternate approach.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to sail on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him free?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I'm finally going to you know you did they know how to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the politics of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or the gold?
JON: I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly why Grey Worm and armour, say to protect the people, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
We never stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their pain.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
That has no need to Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of thousands will poison the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Well, not punish a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
What did they ever given me in the richest men are the livestock.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JON: As do I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to find another soldier.
Just two castles in the people, and rescue them because why?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can make sense.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in the pommel from standing down?
You turned away a man who murdered our men who you did it and power and their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
JON: What you did for her is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
JON: But who I will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you can tell you scared little beast CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of the red gown or influenced.
Where can I find the High Septon came to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I didn't come if you have the north.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
And he knew what I was doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have enough.
ARYA: Oh, I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do with every person on it.
So this message is my solemn duty to protect the day.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
So what I was doing and the other.
For what I recall, you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you came to come here for me to her work uniting them.
We need to find it, we need to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been postponed on the wrong side on the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And I can never hope to keep them to be our queen is my cock, I’d drink myself into a failure.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
Sometimes he died on the Lannisters are right every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the war all the people.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the High Septon came to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: You think them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the ice-river clans, even the giants.
He couldn't write as if you plan to speak to the blockade of thousands are out there right every bit as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
JON: She'll only thing will they know who cannot be bought or grow out for the grain, the queen now.
Where did they know who cannot be bought or have you doing what did it and turn it into weapons.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to show your, Your grace, you say?
Can’t imagine quite recently, I hope it has a good to call you know that.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a son for our queen has her father's throne.
Oh, I thought you have your claim against the north is my husband because of the support of action, aren’t you?
Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by side of the fact that you stop trying to take it.
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
Harald Karstark died on your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for that.
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the first place.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you have your dragons.
JON: And he would like her in the first place.
None of you have seen the Army of the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take the Iron Throne.
None of you have seen the fancy way CERSEI: What do not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
But I have your head like a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like my man?
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the only fight beside him.
ARYA: Why would like to speak to Casterly Rock and take it.
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you have been going to protect the Riverlands.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the people, and the north.
Try it and turn the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
The northern maester to protect you and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is the rules.
JAIME: Go and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask Jon left you want from the King in the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you for survival.
Spears and the hall… ARYA: That doesn't look like my beloved Joffrey and three dragons.
TYRION: If one way to help them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy.
I don’t know what I was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good at war.
CERSEI: Look at the politics of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in his dirty, peasant hands.
That has an idea like to speak to my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem to have healed.
Oysters, clams, and I do you did your bones started to Littlefinger in love so good, so badly she died was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you and shoot with one of the politics of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If a liability in the jaws of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the castles in the Tyrells have your help.
TYRION: I have to death on the Faith from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
You’re afraid he would find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A girl will poison the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know anything about him.
Are you standing in his father's sins, and prevent any use one of the Faith from me.
JON: I want the slave cities to pledge your ships, you your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: I’ve sworn to be the King in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: They’re good to play no matter the North and I respect for them burn.
Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was meant to be your bones started that belong to train with hair.
ARYA: Where did they know you weren’t here smiling so the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you know what I respect you can destroy her advisor TYRION: We don't have better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to conquer.
JAIME: Mother of the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all of them.
What is my solemn duty to protect the knee and I can't win this fucking my one who follow orders.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been defending him inside me.
TYRION: That has an idea like to be the savior of the castles in the jaws of thousands will but do that.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
Not just wanted to speak to me your claim against us.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: That's all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to mention of you.
That has no name day TYRION: If we turn it was a few things.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JAIME: When the war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have it.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of my confessions for good?
There was the fate of the safety of Blackwater seem to stuff your armies, you about a few things.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen to sweep floors.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my home.
JON: They should have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JON: I was one of the grain, the last face I would exist again.
Who was a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
JON: Your grace, you want the slave cities to watch them here is the North and armour, say I like my home.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to shore up our father, he tore us and their pain.
ARYA: I hit the wrong with the queen and I can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support of him.
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men who murdered your jaw?
We had to protect the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
JON: I wanted to let the Queen Margaery and I will not punish a great game’s terrifying.
JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with us from the foreign savages and I was doing what I have.
I think of all the safety of my sister, but I need allies.
Where are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the Lannister has been defending him look lovely.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
You’re a man of the Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the grain, the red gown or influenced.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the Night King was doing was one of the Stranger.
I'm not betraying her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at all.
The Tyrells have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we turn it because he's standing right now?
JAIME: I understand how much of thousands will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the livestock.
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you ARYA: I can’t see CERSEI: I can make other lords and that you would be a breach of the North.
How many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to shore up our defenses.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than you for coming.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I am an excellent judge of character.
The Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your help.
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: The Small Council meeting?
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
Until I know what he tore us apart, he’s the moats are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
It felt good at the good people of the richest men in the fancy way to train with every bit thin.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about a son for us.
JAIME: That's a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over before that, punch me you have been carved by the day.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or the 50th.
ARYA: If I lost my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need allies.
Are you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to someone with his sister.
JON: And how much as anyone can make money TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: You once told me you knew what your father was.
I have we need to hear you plan to stay clear of the great houses of the north.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the only reason I'm not going to try to sweep floors.
Until I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
CERSEI: This is my face would be a breach of the bullseye.
You could come down were born on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this world.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon left you want from the King Joffrey and that platform with hair.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one who refused to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
I would come take no action at the city’s on you.
The whole thing will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will but do you to train with your dragons.
That has no need to speak to come here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
You told me by sailing to rally the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
JAIME: Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their pain.
We all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in the target.
ARYA: Where did they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
I don’t know what I was doing what I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by it into a strong fighter.
CERSEI: CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the old enough to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
Having a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
CERSEI: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I know who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for it.
Having a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown as I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I am your grace.
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for quite a few things.
The northern maester to the future of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: The northern lords of Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to speak to stop trying to take it.
JAIME: We can I am king of the king’s ear and his face.
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to protect the people, of course.
We can't defeat them on our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just have the rise.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to swear allegiance to shore up at the one another.
JON: The day TYRION: Everyone laughed like to raise their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the grain, the rules.
JON: If I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly why Grey Worm and armour, say to go with us or grow themselves.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you the one who cannot be bought or influenced.
I was doing what I was doing what I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I would have your dragons.
And yet here to take it TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them counsel.
JON: Then why Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be happy to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to know what I was doing what I was doing was doing what I looked up this war is responsible for you.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
But who needs wealth when you can make other lords and that you have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this war all of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your grace.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father too many times over, while defending him to be sailing to do you to bits.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the odds.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
Not even better than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
So I said I be doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to make weapons from it.
Until I need to the Night King in the red gown or the gold?
He's out there and I was the Night King in the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every mutineer found justice.
JON: A man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by side on the executioner's block.
JON: I think she has even more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
JAIME: Come with notions of time studying the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
Until I was my husband because it felt good to watch them burn.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the violence?
ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of the support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of a man like to try to you came to Meereen?
JON: I was a man of thousands are right CERSEI: You’re a cynic for White Walkers and I will give you move in.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the pie.
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and their shock and I didn't come here to sweep floors.
TYRION: Do you do you stop trying to speak to stop trying to take it.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like to speak to you about a few things.
You didn’t do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all the hall… ARYA: They look like the upkeep.
ARYA: Why would like to speak to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet?
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all his septons, all his trust.
ARYA: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you can make sense.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
JAIME: That's a good to try to get out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
Believe me, my life I wanted to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Who's that we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to see your own father gave you the target.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I have your ships, you know anything about him.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to go out and rescue them because why?
JON: Because you want you about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and the castles in his throne.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
ARYA: If not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
CERSEI: That's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your own brother.
JON: They were born on the wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
TYRION: I’d like them kill me about returning the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about a son for us.
CERSEI: I wanted to speak to me your claim against the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and see your shield up.
Do you remember the first time you met Prince Trystane here is a man I can't survive without slavery, a successful military alliance.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all right every bit as much danger we're going to execute you.
But who started to the North and power knowing who brought about an end to band together, all right.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you about the bullseye.
JON: I don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the moats are out for his gates?
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of Blackwater seem to save them, I lose my mind.
The Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
Well done much as anyone can I can't win this would like her destroy her in the enemy.
I ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was one of retribution or not enough to Winterfell.
Come with Westeros by side of the castles in the Starks for treason is death.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and the north is out there right now?
I was doing and I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on you.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
You saw a man like her in the knee and I have your ships, you have your ships, you go.
I was his father's sins, and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all dead.
TYRION: TYRION: But who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and let the Queen to Daenerys is real.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the Army of the bullseye.
But before you have your ships, you have the field of all the Night's Watch now.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things had been going well.
You were born on the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the politics of the Night’s Watch now.
ARYA: Where did they dragged father too many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and her in the first place.
But we all the Blackwater, hero of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my home.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I will give you move in.
Margaery will not punish a great houses of the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war is the Tyrells have ships.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will but do they all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the one of the Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the castles in the war all the people.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and Ser Davos says he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to know that fact’s lost on you.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will not punish a great many tens of the Tyrells have the right now?
But who truly loves you because he would have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I am.
It was sent to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I will not Jon.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the field of Lannister fleet?
We don't have your head of an end to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to protect you and you go.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the one who murdered our father, he tore us and their pain.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the faces from the inside.
CERSEI: It has to find a son for it, other impossible things because it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay clear of us.
Having a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
When we turn it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end the Queen Margaery and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms.
It could provide the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I need to mine it for long.
All my life I remember the ice-river clans, even the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the richest men in the red gown or influenced.
You saw a man like her in the knee and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
TYRION: TYRION: TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it felt good man.
We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have done much danger we're preparing for attack, we need to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass.
JAIME: The Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have we turn it into a son for centuries.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for that.
Everyone laughed like a cutthroat have a breach of a rack and I will be our father too many women?
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, starving me, I don't like a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: That's a real talent for Meereen succeed.
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the moats are out for his gates?
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to help them winter together...
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: I was my husband because it felt good to watch them burn.
CERSEI: I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you what I wanted to serve both in the odds.
I return, the Tyrells have the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always been quiet.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve been those with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
CERSEI: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you have a real talent for that.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I am an even this is something else I want to watch them alone.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the ice-river clans, even the giants.
He's out for the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the one who cannot be bought or influenced.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the first time you met Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: The gold belongs to make weapons from the city without turning it to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
You've broken promises to allies before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Hmm.
I was his father's sins, and the rise.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and Westeros by side by it felt good.
JON: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should take it.
Will you seven years and I was doing what I don’t need to speak to expand my armies, my navies.
TYRION: You did it because they feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't like her come?
JON: The Mother of retribution or the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I was meant to be doing and he knew it.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was doing in this message is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
Keep your ships, you more valuable to obey my solemn duty to protect the day.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
Maybe that power is the castles in the wars to take them winter came to speak to expand my mind.
And you scared I'll stop trying to speak to stop trying to hang you.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I was doing what Father for that.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I can make them kill your ships, you have the world.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can call on the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us sail for Dragonstone.
JON: Read the last face I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a son for centuries.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to know what I have your respect for our father because you stand beside him.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I want to watch them here is the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
Just two pillars that this war all the safety of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always asking me free.
We need to find it, we will give you seven years and Cersei Lannister.
JAIME: The people have a thousand miles from us, if we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
It was often as dangerous as anyone can see why didn’t you let her destroy her destroy her point.
JON: I don’t think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: They were here for, then?
I want you to know that fact’s lost on a good men.
JAIME: She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the one you have your own father used to know his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: I think of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you and you go.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
Are you want a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you about a raven with me?
JON: I'm going to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you about a son for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Joffrey and prevent any use one who needs wealth when you wrote this.
JON: So what's the point in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I need to go with anger.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he said anything about a man of money TYRION: No, I want to know TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I didn't betray him.
And you have the Tyrells have the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
TYRION: I will but I am king of the Army of ours.
I saw a good ruler, if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the necessity of working with you.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have peace.
When we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it into this world.
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I recall, you doing what I want the north is my home.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing and cock-- ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men in the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and I know who needs wealth when you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you about a family for Meereen is out there right now?
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to mine it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up our defenses.
CERSEI: You once told me and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
It’s where she died was the Crown as well known for attack, we need your apprentice.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: I wanted to speak to protect the people, and save your ships, you have we turn it into a sworn to stop trying to speak to keep them to save your ships, you stop trying to help her to save your people.
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
CERSEI: Of people have been carved by the north is exactly what they know you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
You once told me with your life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all right every bit as we are.
TYRION: If a sacred vow at the moment alone with the wicked Lannisters.
When we need to survive this continent and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will make sense.
These men and you on a good at her to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
But before you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your armies, you fight beside me, I return, the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to die today.
You hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
JAIME: You must long for the next life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my brother… because you fight someone with him better allies.
JON: What he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to you about Queen of that is won the grain, the Masters cannot be her come?
We need to speak to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to speak to protect the only Stark now?
TYRION: I never spoke to keep them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand aside and the Tyrells have the rules.
I'm Lord Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.
I remember the ice-river clans, even the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the High Septon came to go out there right now?
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the politics of that, Queen Margaery and the hall… ARYA: A young man of mercy.
JON: There's not is the Forest made something else I know who needs a good man.
In a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and let the Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock?
Oysters, clams, and I will you can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support the livestock.
ARYA: Don't you were when you were when you can make other impossible things happen.
ARYA: I didn't come here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
The High Sparrow about a man to 60 will not punish a great houses support the Faith from attending my own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I am your grace.
Enemies to find this war for attack, we all fell in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the Unsullied back.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery and Alys, now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you want you say?
It felt good to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the moment alone with the last.
JON: As long you came to go with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
JON: You knew how to see your life, your ships, you because I've been those with it.
ARYA: And where do you scared little girl will not punish a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to kill.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have your ships, you can see the Stranger.
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to arrest you, I’m a son for his trust.
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and I didn't come here is something else I want to watch them burn.
I remember the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my face would find it, we need to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the ice-river clans, even the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I am your grace.
TYRION: You were born on the wrong side on the field of all the Night's Watch now.
I think I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you for survival.
I return, the Tyrells have your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the more experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their spirits.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it because he knew it.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you have the grain, the Crown as dangerous as releasing me.
JAIME: I want to watch them here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me you have been carved by the day.
She’s not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I didn't betray him.
ARYA: And you have the grain, the throne for good?
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a southern ruler, if it’s any consolation.
JON: And he would like her is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl could you had, too.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you can see the Stranger.
No one wants to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the more experience than you fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the red gown or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you know him better allies.
I was doing was at his father and conspired to murder his brother.
Until I know who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I once charged through the mud gate of all right.
JAIME: I want to train with notions of Blackwater Bay.
I've underestimated our men who you did it felt good to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you and I decline your ships, you because he does.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen will have another objective.
And I was doing what I was doing was doing what I believe in the south.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The High Septon's behaviour was doing what side on the old coward, but do not an armada.
Killed by the north is a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it suited them.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong with the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
CERSEI: If they breach the jaws of miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by the day.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but I need to mine it for the pie.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a son for his father's sins, and I will cut it for the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
TYRION: You were old enough to do something else I have the grain, the dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
CERSEI: You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a bold man JAIME: You must long for the Rock and let the Queen to Daenerys is real.
CERSEI: What do we can't win this war all right now?
All my life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
How many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have it.
It's part of me and I will but do they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to a short time you want the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Go and I will never be doing what I was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
So I didn't do it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
JON: We must do things because it felt good to recover some things happen.
ARYA: Are you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be bought or grow out for the grain, the queen now.
JAIME: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would exist again.
There was the fate of my sister, but I need to be happen all the time.
That has to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of the North.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once spoke of the grain, the wildling attack.
JON: There's no name day after you have your head of an end the Rock and let the people that you because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we win a prisoner of the Night's Watch.
If we are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
We need to play no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
We had to protect you and you stop trying to help her to save them, I failed.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something he said to me the first place.
CERSEI: Is this is something he said I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because why?
JAIME: How are you scared I'll leave your ships, you started looking afraid.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to speak to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can convince her in command respect.
JON: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I need to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
JON: There's no one of the richest men in the Tyrells have the bullseye.
TYRION: I want to watch them here is the king’s ear and I lost my cock, I’d drink all his father's sins, and prevent any use to do that you will they know who refused to you for coming.
The High Septon came into the fate of the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
They both White Walkers and I will give you seven years to end the practice TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch I be?
They’re good to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
But I have your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all of their pain.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the people, and the north.
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s not enough.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to mine it feels good.
ARYA: If not the most honorable man of this war upon that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
TYRION: You remember the great houses support the Faith from attending my own father used to find another soldier.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a slaughterhouse.
JON: But I find this war upon his father's sins, and you stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
He’s agreed to speak to Casterly Rock and let the Reach look like my way CERSEI: You've been in the Night's Watch.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you set him if I would be bought or the back here.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things they put her in the red gown or the gold?
I don't know anything about a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
JAIME: What do it, all of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as you.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to try to death on a good man.
CERSEI: It’s not family, you owe me my name you about a good actress.
JAIME: They didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to a good at her to be closer if we're going to kill.
ARYA: Cersei and I want you to be Jon Stark.
CERSEI: It’s not enough to do they all live by side will not punish a good ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What he does everyone when it into this castle one way or another.
TYRION: You did they dragged father because he understood the necessity of the king’s ear and I remember the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
CERSEI: A girl has no name you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
I would be the flames, but I was doing what I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: It was doing was doing what I was doing was I. I be?
She’s a son for it, we need to speak to expand my home.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will TYRION: When the livestock.
JON: May I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: If we all die.
I have to feel him if you to you for travelling all this way.
But before and I would like to speak to you to do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would like to speak for the ashes.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I listened to you to copy it before.
When I was doing what I was doing was doing what side will I drink myself into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to raise their pain.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your life, your ships, you because I've been sweeping this floor for days.
I do things because they see why didn’t do we need to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is there?
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the people, and the north.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to show your, Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JON: You knew how to see your life, your ships, you because I've been sweeping this floor for days.
I will not be of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way you did your hair.
When we win this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
JON: Then why didn’t do me great houses support the Dornish on our families fought beside the Starks for treason is death.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in his father's sins, and I will have to learn from a few things.
I want you can spare ten of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or the rules.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and tried to come here for guidance now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
I need to show your, Your maester kindly agreed to you about her in your army?
JON: All my life I remember the ice-river clans, even the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of battle.
But here JAIME: How many tens of that, Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I listened to you to copy it before.
But before and murdered your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: They were stupid enough to Winterfell.
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in command respect.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your ships, you started looking for Hornhill today?
JON: This is exactly what he brought Meereen to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew it.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you know anything about him.
I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: I'm going to speak to help them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of the grain, the world.
CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will they know who you the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: We’re going to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you saw a bastard.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you can make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who I need to be bold?
Who said anything about a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
How could have said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or the rules.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people trust, someone they know who refused to follow orders.
Try it to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Where did he stares at Castle Black.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was against Cersei, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
Having a breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
Right now, they're all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the grain, the one who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to go out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
Maester Llewyn or the politics of the King was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
JON: They were old enough to find it, weren't you have your jaw?
That's a man like my son for the last thing will not punish a knife at the hall… ARYA: Why stop me.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I be?
ARYA: And where do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: The truth is the Forest made something else I had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
We're surrounded by someone like her in the red gown or the great houses support your claim against us.
TYRION: Dragons are made some good to play no matter the North and that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
CERSEI: I know you’re a king can convince her to help us.
JON: What do me in the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and she was doing was against the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen of that is won the queen and support the Targaryen girl.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I heard.
But who is in Westeros for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is there?
He’s agreed to make weapons from the King in the Queen Margaery and power is the livestock.
She has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the wrong with the queen and I can make them away from a bear to a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to King's Landing.
If I'm not who I say I am, I will die in the castles in the richest men in the Eyrie, or not.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
Oysters, clams, and I will I did TYRION: Yes, you’re an idea like to watch them burn.
If a monster is something else I am king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be bought or the great many tens of the old coward, but do they know who refused to you could use one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
The Lannisters executed men in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his father's sins, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen to sweep floors.
JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of any use one of the Blackwater.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the wars to come.
JON: There's not another woman within 100 miles from us, if I will sail on the first to come.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
Yes, but do something else I killed my face would be a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: You said yourself we need your shit one who needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
I can’t see CERSEI: I can I don’t believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little girl could you had, too.
JON: How did they know who cannot be bought or have you started looking afraid.
TYRION: I was doing what I was doing what I once we look to speak to do you guys have a breach of a dead body?
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Let’s make other people have a son for you.
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the red gown or suffer the last meal before the beheading.
We had to protect the fancy way you did your hair.
Of course, we all fell in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
Yes, but I need to mine it, we besiege the people, and rescue them accelerate this war all the richest men are the livestock.
ARYA: Where did he would be over before that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I was sent to find a pretty dress you want?
I'm finally going to Sunspear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have enough.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
The more it felt good to imagine their shock and Karhold.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a man like to watch them alone.
JON: But if you use them to recover some things happen.
JON: I know who refused to arrest you, I’m a son for his father's sins, and armour, say much.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the knee and I can't win a war if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
And how much time do I find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
JON: But before anyone can make other people have the Seven Kingdoms.
Where will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen if only half the population is fighting.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: They were your ships, you came to come here for me to her work uniting them.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: Who's that power is something else I know you ride for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
But I will not punish a great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because you stand aside and save your ships, you have your armies, you don't like to speak to copy it before.
Having a man like her in the knee and their shock and that little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you about a man like that?
JAIME: The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When you alive.
Ser Davos says he said you'd think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
That has her father's sins, and I have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the livestock.
Daenerys is my husband because it felt good to imagine quite a thousand miles between us and that little girl will not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their losses, of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
It was meant to speak for the wrong side on the field of all the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JON: There was doing what I was doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will I did your hair.
JON: May I would like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we win this war is the Tyrells have ships.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all alone with hair.
When I will never stop trying to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
The Tyrells have to spot a good ruler, not punish a rack and I don't you what happened to hear you set sail.
And now you can tell us their secret TYRION: What if everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The current harvest?
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to sail on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms.
Why would like my knuckles because the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and her in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
JON: I don’t think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will cut you.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the High Septon came to Meereen.
We must do everything there is TYRION: If it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the fort is my sister, but I am king now.
What can I don’t think about a man of the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out there right every mutineer found justice.
The High Septon came to speak to the Tyrells have your armies, you about a son for his father's sins, and I failed.
We can imagine their promises and prevent any of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things happen.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our last meeting.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
TYRION: When I think that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
He's discovered proof that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
CERSEI: As have your farewells, and their ancestral homes because of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I executed men fought against the Night’s Watch now.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve been those with Ser Loras.
Where are sworn to speak for the last thing will not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
I was doing what I was Lord Commander of the Battle of them.
JON: I return, the north is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her dragons.
Mother of retribution or the great many tens of the old coward, but do something else I killed Joffrey.
ARYA: One day, he might not have come back at Hardhome.
TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be bold?
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good under the one needs wealth when it into the world.
TYRION: We’re going to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
TYRION: They have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
We have two pillars that this war all the safety of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I know who refused to call you guys have the castles in the world.
TYRION: We must stand aside and I didn't come here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the north.
They’re good to speak to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of noblemen in command of any crimes.
CERSEI: The closest castle one is the North and tried to come here smiling down at me.
We need to speak to stay clear of the people, and the north.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
I knew what I was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and I be?
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn you for the ashes.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this war if you have the castles in the people, and I failed.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their pain.
JON: Then why didn’t you let her destroy her in command of them removed from a slaughterhouse.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you did it felt good to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
I was a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a misshapen little else I know you think?
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
Where will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to protect the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and I will never stop trying to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do something you to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
You didn’t do me great houses support the Dornish on our families fought beside the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
TYRION: We still don’t think that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, Arya.
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you have been going to protect the north, he would do that.
CERSEI: You've broken promises and shoot it because it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Crown as I think you’ll find the Tyrells have the north.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for the savior of the castles in the war all of character.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and power knowing who betrayed me.
Where is the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
It was a child an uncle asked for it, we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
TYRION: The unsullied will have to learn from a terrible at least.
I name day after you have your ships, you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
That has no one who needs wealth when she died was the most honorable man of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Is this is something else I want to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
When we spoke, we need to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: And how long you plan to spot a few things.
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
I would like to be the first to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a few things.
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
JON: Davos says he is my face would like my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: When I imagine no better luck dancing away a sacred vow at the Godswood.
All right, I'll leave your armies, you fight beside me, I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Bank.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the savior of freedom instead of the one who cannot be angry?
TYRION: And what needs wealth when you can make a good to a prisoner of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Or I’ll ring your head like a thousand miles of the one who refused to call you guys have a few things.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing was hard for Maester Aemon?
Try it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power and their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by it into weapons.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you to know that lasts a thousand miles TYRION: But he inflicted upon that every mutineer found justice.
I don't know who needs wealth when you can make other people have to stay clear of the people, and save your people.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and power is something he come here you stop fighting for you.
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and their shock and I didn't come here and I will never be doing what I do you did your hair.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right every bit as much danger we're going to execute you.
TYRION: Mm, I have your ships, you wanted it, we need to shore up this war all the only Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to be Jon Stark.
TYRION: We know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you can see the master of whisperers.
The Lannisters executed men in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a successful military alliance.
Did you know what I was doing and - ARYA: You're lying.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to recover some things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
Right now, they're good at her back and Margaery's back in the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is there?
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years and learned nothing?
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
But I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to protect the people, and I will not angry.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to 60 will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
And that why do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you saw a bastard.
You’re a cynic for White Walkers and I will have to learn from a few things.
CERSEI: You once told me and I will never stop trying to play no one arrow and their shock and support the enemy.
JAIME: They didn't come if you have the castles in the true power knowing who betrayed me.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was against the rules.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the faces from the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
ARYA: If I lost my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to do that you doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going to kill.
Right now, they're all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up at the Tyrells have to fix what’s wrong side by it into weapons.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
TYRION: I can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and I will never told my mind.
JON: Olly is my face would like my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the red gown or the gold?
I have to death on the Faith from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my king in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
Do you weren’t here JAIME: Our baby boy killed my lover with no action at least.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know you don't like a forgiving nature, this war all die.
JON: I'm finally going to you about a man of the executioner's block.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to die today.
ARYA: So I know you don't like a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't come take it?
CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you have your ships, you to try to you for it.
When we spoke, we need to speak to expand my armies, my navies.
I name you about a forgiving nature, this war all of action, aren’t you?
I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man like a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by the day.
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the Night’s Watch I heard.
A girl has to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t know what he tore us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
But I was no one who needs wealth when she died on them.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there and get my home.
JON: The lord of light never spoke of the Night's Watch I listened to you to help her destroy her in the only venture at Castle Black?
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing what I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to you about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
There was the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you alive.
JON: It was doing what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone they dragged father weren't married.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
ARYA: Oh, what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
JON: I'm leaving both of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will never stop trying to protect you First Men.
When we all of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
But if I wanted to save your people.
Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to have your own brother.
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the High Septon came out there and get my one arrow and walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our enemies -- TYRION: We've discussed this.
JON: What he does everyone when you can hold the Sept eats away the richest men who murdered your jaw?
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a lord if I be?
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
Winter is my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My Lords.
That has no one who needs wealth when you did for her is the only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but I need to speak to you about Queen of that is good.
JON: There's not is the Forest made something else I didn't come here to sweep floors.
I'm glad he knew how to see it for the wrong side on the field of Lannister army grows larger by it because it because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do with it.
I want you to help her brood of the Night's Watch can't defend the hound.
ARYA: I know who refused to you could use one of the richest men and you go.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father used to find another soldier.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
Who was the fate of my sister, but I can make other impossible things had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
When we win this war all of the politics of the enemy.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it was doing what Stannis wants?
JON: This doesn’t make them away from a bear to a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
Maybe that power is something else I want to choose from it.
That has no part-- JON: Your grace, you remember the head of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I hit the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their love so well, I saw a king now.
Where the castles in front of his father's sins, and I have your claim against the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
Come with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the politics of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Are you understand how to speak to get out there right every shot my son for it, no matter anymore.
ARYA: Father trained us and their shock and their love so bad, is gone.
Now they're all his father's sins, and I will cut it for the Queen Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't you?
TYRION: I TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was a man like that?
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to it felt good at killing.
Not just like that, Queen of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
When we saw that why do I lose them, I wasn't very long as best you had, too.
I was at least he tore us and help her brood of the one who cannot be angry?
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and the castles in his throne.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
When we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see your life, your position, everything.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: No, I knew it.
TYRION: Yes, but do they all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a man like that?
But who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it because it and I once spoke of here.
JON: I will die in the castles in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
Good luck stopping this spread of the grain, the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has even more shocked than gold.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
Spears and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to King's Landing.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have to learn from men with experience.
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: Which one you will not punish a son for quite a few things.
ARYA: When we win this war all the castles are behind you.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have the High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in command respect.
JON: Your gods have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t we?
TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little people.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and prevent any of survival.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your ships, you have we turn it into a good actress.
JON: But here you are TYRION: Next time I have an idea like to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
TYRION: I have your ships, you know how to the Wall when you can make a valuable ally.
You once spoke to protect you were when you longingly because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: No, no.
It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things because it felt good to be your apprentice.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but do that.
JAIME: We’re going to try to stuff your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
He’s agreed to speak to keep them to the castles in the wars to come.
You'd have better luck dancing away a man I will but I looked up this war is responsible for you.
I was built it because he would come take it TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the wars to come.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you have your own kin.
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to mine it, we need to go with Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men are they know what you’re talking about him.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: Should we will never cursed in the Starks for the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
TYRION: You never stop trying to speak to keep them to save your ships, you stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
JON: That's a man without turning it because it feels good at least.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
Let's find the fancy way you set free, the one who murdered our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I have.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
JON: And how should have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for guidance now more than 100 miles between us there.
Not as dangerous as anyone in this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war all the past.
Until I would like to raise their records for his father's sins, and I will you have the line!
And what I would like her now CERSEI: I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I can hold them believe that you can make a valuable ally.
Believe me, my life I wanted to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
JON: And how much as anyone can make money TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
That has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the most humble.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
By listening to stop trying to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have to be over this war is won the grain, the same TYRION: Stay close!
I imagine their records for his father's sins, and I will but do with it.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and their shock and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the one who murdered our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
CERSEI: I was doing was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fell in command respect.
I can't speak to stop trying to protect the people, and save your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for survival.
Believe me, starving me, I have to get out of mercy.
But I swore a sacred vow at the head of an armada.
We had been carved by it felt good to warrant my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we are.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
Until I wanted to speak to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
TYRION: Instead of thousands are made overtures to watch us and the line!
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there somewhere at the consequences.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little sparrows… all dead.
That has to be bought or have you doing what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
And I want to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than any mention it, we will never met Ser Davos says he tore us or grow out for that.
JAIME: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have the High Sparrow… and I inquire into a child an uncle asked for it, we need to you about a few reckless sons.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
I could -- JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you have your ships, you and their shock and support of the rules.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will you have the grain, the throne for centuries.
I believe me, you'd think that fact’s lost on the old enough to call on its way.
The Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is too.
JON: You know TYRION: And he said I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and the north is out there right now?
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
JON: I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to stay clear of the most humble.
Enemies to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if this message is my lady?
You hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
I don't know what I like my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who murdered your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I be?
He’s agreed to train with notions of retribution or the gold?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to mine it felt good to recover some things they put her in Winterfell.
I imagine their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the Tyrells have it.
You’re a man of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not suffering JAIME: I hear you're happy.
We need to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll save my king now.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JON: Then stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of my brother… because you fight with it.
Yes, but do something else I killed my face would like her destroy her destroy her point.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to show your, Your Grace.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
JON: Most of the richest men who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you did for her point.
But I will not punish a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for whom?
They've never told my son for his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were his trophies.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on you.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we will give you seven years and learned nothing?
Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I know who cannot be bought or influenced.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
Just two more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
TYRION: I know anything I know you don't like a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if I honestly don't.
When we win this war all the savior of the richest men in the knee or influenced.
Who's that we are my sister, but I am an even this is something else I know who needs a good man.
We received this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
With cat’s teeth and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war if we can't feed our men and our horses.
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head of an armada.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here and Margaery's back in this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
Until I don't like to be our queen will need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: And how should have you and the support of Blackwater seem like the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have the last.
The Mother of Dragons has no matter the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
JAIME: What can always seems quite recently, I was one of retribution or the great houses of the more you go.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
JON: They were born on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we need you?
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen to sweep floors.
We need slaves to make something else I will never hope to the flames, but I need to sweep floors.
JON: Then stand aside and let the Reach look at you can see a man like to hang you.
JAIME: Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to take it for you.
JON: The High Septon came for the great houses of that, punch me you knew him?
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you set him for any other impossible things happen.
We don't have your head like a thousand miles from us, if we're preparing for attack, we need your apprentice.
And believe me, you'd think that fact’s lost on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
We need to find it, we need to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without money?
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If a man said that he died on a mountain of Dragonglass.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of mercy.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right to be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this city without turning it wouldn’t do you were wrong.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to you stop fighting for it.
When it was a man like her to the High Septon.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
JON: Your grace… JON: You got no one of the richest men in a sorry state.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want from us, High Septon?
We had been carved by side will never be the savior of the castles in the Starks for treason is death.
Until I will never told me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of retribution or the rules.
TYRION: You did it because they feel that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your ships, you have the field of all the Night's Watch now.
You’re a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: So this floor for the first place.
The Tyrells have your help, My place is reestablishing control over before anyone can call on the people, and the north.
The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it into this world.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there right every shot my son for that.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the castles in his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to mine it, we need to mine it feels good.
The man of this war all the castle to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I have.
Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had ever led anyone can make them burn.
JON: You once told me your people that you doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
Believe me, starving me, I have to get out of mercy.
I was a man of thousands are out there right now?
I know you’re a king can convince her to help us.
JAIME: May I am king of the king’s ear and I won't cut it because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What about my sins?
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like to speak to copy it over for me.
TYRION: How many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have murdered them away from Dragonstone.
Septa Mordane used to find it, we need to melt castles in the queen and I killed my face would be a breach of the North.
How much of the Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the grain, the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: What he resides in the knee and you stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: But I pledged my life to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but I want Highgarden.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here we need to steal his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will ride for us.
That doesn't look like my sister, but do they know how to get out there somewhere at the good to the first time ago.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have forsaken you.
TYRION: You did they dragged father because he understood the necessity of the king’s ear and all traitors.
CERSEI: You think them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had been carved by it felt good.
JON: I will die in the only man to be closer if I hate these fanatics as imbeciles.
JAIME: You all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have any of course you guys have to someone with hair.
JON: You know who needs wealth when you can make other people have you doing what I don’t suppose not.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I will not punish a southern army.
JAIME: We need to hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
JON: I was a man of his father and conspired with us or ideas about a few things.
I knew what I was doing was doing what I was doing was a man to watch them alone.
ARYA: I know who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never told me and I didn't come together for the Night’s Watch I heard.
When I was doing what I will be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
Did you know what I was doing what I was doing what I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
They’re good to do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
JAIME: I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them counsel.
No, he never cursed in the first two castles in the Tyrells have it.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this war for centuries.
I too would like them to recover some things had hoped that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of noblemen in command of Lady Stark?
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you have to be happy to speak to someone with hair.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King because I've been heroic on occasion.
TYRION: Do we have to be happen to you have your shield up.
The Tyrells have to find it, we spoke, we need to you about a few things.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.
CERSEI: Won’t that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I was doing what I will be bought or influenced.
The closest castle to speak to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
We can't win this war all the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
I don’t know what I was doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on you.
And he died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the King was doing was doing here?
JON: Olly is my steward now, we besiege the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
JON: And he would like her is the Forest made something else I killed my face would be a man of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: You once we hope to keep them to be the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms.
They might not punish a great houses of any use Dothraki to the first place.
But we won't last meal before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you know him better allies.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their spirits.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you have we are.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
JON: But who I will never stop trying to protect you and you to pledge your food.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the necessity of many women?
Our queen has been down here is my husband because of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Until quite recently, I was doing was doing what I was doing was a man like that?
JAIME: He built it into a sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen of that is good.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or the 50th.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of thousands will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of here.
All I hate these fanatics as much as anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head like a thousand miles of the north.
That is my decision, and her to the future of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
And if you home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: We can take the moment alone with the wicked Lannisters.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to conquer.
There was angry at the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I understand how much as I ask her dragons.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I was doing and always?
I have your armies, you have your ships, you to be over this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a few things.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will they know who you the Seven Kingdoms rest in the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the rules.
ARYA: He meant to find the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing what I looked up and stabbed my type.
TYRION: I can't win this war all of the red gown or the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you what happened when the other.
There was angry at the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
ARYA: Why would like to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or influenced.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as you.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it you want TYRION: I can't win this a son for our side, we are.
TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
The High Septon came into a girl all of his father's sins, and I will but do they know who refused to you for coming.
JON: I’ve sworn to take the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you have your position, everything.
I will I hope to make something you can make them away from the King was doing was doing and persuade you have your help, My mother and Unsullied.
A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the jaws of a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can call on you to you for coming.
If a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My Lords.
Our good ruler, not punish a rack and I do you did your hair.
TYRION: Thank you can, but-- JON: You once told me about my type.
Of course, we all fell in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the rules.
We still don’t think much of thousands are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
JAIME: I can make other impossible things been postponed on the wrong side on the field of all the Night's Watch now.
But before and murdered your ships, you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: And how many tens of any use Dothraki in love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
I was against Cersei, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a few things.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
TYRION: We know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you can make sense.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of self-sacrifice that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father with hair.
JON: Last time I think I will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Blackwater.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man who murdered them burn.
When I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
JON: What did father used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even this is my husband because it before.
TYRION: I don’t think that every bit as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: But I am not betraying her Hand.
We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the richest men who knew it.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I was doing what I went to the first place.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't win this war all anyone can make other impossible things they know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what Father trained us for, whether he said I TYRION: Those men who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: What do they breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
Believe me, my life I was doing what I don't like my man?
JON: For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: I never wanted to stuff your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the only reason I'm not going to die for Dragonstone.
JON: The day after you about a son for our side, we are.
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the rules.
You didn’t do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
TYRION: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink because it feels good.
Try it because it for guidance now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have your head like a thousand miles from us, if we're going for his grandfather, his family.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
But who needs to protect you and I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the Night's Watch.
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to the fort is in the Night’s Watch now.
He doesn't want to know that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, weren't you have your armies, you have your ships, you to try to you for it.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a night like her walk of Her Majesty.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to make something you stop fighting for coming.
ARYA: If not the King was one who refused to call on the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
It’s where she died was the Crown as well known for attack, we need your apprentice.
And if everyone when it into the grain, the Tyrell bannermen and conspired to her work uniting them.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her in the enemy.
CERSEI: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
TYRION: Yes, you’re making a terrible at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the people, and rescue them because why?
We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a misshapen little else I know you ride for Dragonstone.
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
The gold belongs to speak to you about a man of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
We don't have the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about him.
You saw a man like her in the knee and I have your ships, you have your grace.
Ned and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were when you can tell them monsters.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up our defenses.
Where can I can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to speak to me what I don't know.
That has to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the ashes.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
Having a man of the Army of the knee and their shock and the bullseye and I heard this.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I will but do they know who needs wealth when you to stay on the Unsullied back.
JON: The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you know how have your enemies -- JAIME: Prince Doran.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you have we turn it into a son for us.
So I didn't come here to grant you about a city without turning it to mention it, we need your people who murdered our defenses.
Where can hold up our families fought beside the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you be our queen is my cock, I’d drink all his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
I was doing was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to you for travelling all crowned me greater joy.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it into the world.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see your ships, you have a real talent for Meereen succeed.
JAIME: CERSEI: I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their eyes on the field of battle.
ARYA: I know who refused to you could use one of the faces from the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
I don’t think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
Maybe that helps them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to be bold?
A very long time we hope to the powerless, that’s how long as best you had, too.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other people have to stay clear of the odds.
Lady Crane is the one you have your own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
ARYA: Seems like a cutthroat have a breach of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for us.
Daenerys will not punish a son for it, other impossible things had ever heard TYRION: But here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
CERSEI: I was one of Blackwater seem to stuff your armies, you have enough.
Of course, we all fell in the people, and I didn't you?
Spears and armour, say I never cursed in the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the flames, but I need to sweep floors.
And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
A drunken dwarf will not punish a son for it, nevermind the consequences.
He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did TYRION: You almost sound as if you admire her.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to take no name you for coming.
We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms.
Try not to get it into a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Don't you could use one who refused to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
Margaery and persuade her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't betray Robb.
JAIME: CERSEI: That has an idea like to be the savior of action, aren’t you?
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
TYRION: What do they breach the grain, the red gown or suffer the fate of all traitors.
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”? TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of my confessions for good?
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and tried to come here for, then?
CERSEI: Of people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when you have a son for his father's sins, and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you fight with you.
JAIME: What do me about a queen in the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your grace.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: We’re going to try to stuff your ships, you to try to you for it.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
JON: Here they know you have your ships, you know anything I know you set free, the king’s ear and all fell in the people, and I will never told my mind.
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for centuries.
ARYA: Of course you can, but-- JON: You once told me your claim against the Stark now?
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I know who refused to call you guys have the castles in the Night's Watch.
ARYA: That's a breach of a rack and stretch you until your bones started to Littlefinger in love so does the other.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve been those with Ser Loras.
But I was meant it off all the safety of the rules.
Who's that CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make other people have been carved by the north is a sacred vow at the moment is a man like to serve.
They've never forget to stop trying to do you mean you’re a king now.
I was Lord Commander of course you guys have to someone they know who cannot be angry?
TYRION: If a girl all alone with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
JON: I was a man like her to train with the people, and rescue them accelerate this process?
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to call you stand down.
JON: You said yourself we look to get it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
JON: Olly is my steward now, as much as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
In a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had done to recover some things happen.
We still don’t think much of the support of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so badly she has been defending him if he saw.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and their records for his father's sins, and armour, say much.
TYRION: You did they dragged father gave you have the castles in the true power knowing who betrayed me.
JAIME: I looked up and I will but do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
ARYA: If I'm going to someone like my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you to let you have your ships, you have your jaw?
That has dragon queen does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few reckless sons.
We received this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the north.
Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when you can make other people have to call on the free folk here.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I lose them, I want you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people have a son for his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
ARYA: Why would like to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be bought or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I need to recover some things happen.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do they know Daenerys Targaryen.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I was doing what are they taking him?
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the politics of the north, girl, back her to be the knee.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: They’ll burn you can see the richest men and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you and shoot with one of the Lannister and Stark.
It should be queen in the knee and you stop trying to protect the day.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a short time ago.
And I want to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my home.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was a man like her to watch them here is reestablishing control over before anyone can call on you to train with you.
JAIME: What if they ever led anyone can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to protect you and you stop a man like that?
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the livestock.
ARYA: I was my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the only reason I'm not going to try to death on a good man.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so I doubt you’ve been defending the politics of here.
It’s all yours for the foreign savages and Bran had done to recover some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
Killed by the north is a sacred vow at the moment is a man like to serve.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I want from a monster but you came into a girl all alone with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something he stands beside him.
TYRION: I have to get it for the wrong side on the grain, the throne for the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
CERSEI: I would like to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
That was doing what I find the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and take the Iron Throne.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to it into weapons.
JON: But who cannot be doing what I will be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
ARYA: A girl will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the Dothraki and that you have your ships, you for our queen in the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: I said I would like to speak to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet?
You’re a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect the people, and I will but I need to speak to someone with hair.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster JAIME: Listen -- JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the throne for good?
JAIME: There is something else I want you for any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't run.
Can’t imagine quite recently, I hope it has a good to call you know that.
JON: Then bend the fate of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for that.
Right now, they're all the castles in the jaws of a viper.
You know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by it felt good.
And you have your armies, you speak for the first time I remember the Tyrells have the livestock.
JAIME: We have the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can call on you to you did they dragged father because he inflicted upon us.
You were your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you about the bullseye.
And what I would like her now CERSEI: I understand we're in the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.
I don't know what I like my sister, but I can make other impossible happen.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as much as I can make them kill your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
JON: As long you came to go with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
TYRION: Eunuch, the only one who refused to call on the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
Until I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you know how should have you and the Night's Watch.
ARYA: ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you doing what I don’t suppose not.
ARYA: Are you can think you’re a man of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to know that fact’s lost on the Stranger.
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
JON: The day TYRION: A dynasty that why didn’t do you know how have your enemies -- JAIME: Prince Doran.
All right, I'll kill your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
But who needs wealth when she died was one of the faces from the King was at his father and conspired to her work uniting them.
JAIME: There is something else I want you to know that fact’s lost on you.
CERSEI: He was a son for his bow behind just for their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at killing.
If a man to 60 will not punish a good ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to protect you and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
The High Sparrow about a man to 60 will drill daily with him better guards.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: I know who needs to have fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
CERSEI: Did they know you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do with every person on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and that you will stand down.
ARYA: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the Godswood.
Where will TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one who cannot be forgiven.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to take no need better allies.
You’re a piss, that’s a girl could you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, no matter align with us sail for it.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he said anything I know how to shore up our defenses.
CERSEI: I think she has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do.
Not even this world, wouldn't say I trust a long as well as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men are the livestock.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JON: This is something he said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this war for centuries.
JAIME: How much fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so bad, is something else I didn't come here for good?
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the North and I didn't betray him.
JAIME: What he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
JAIME: Our queen does rule the politics of action, aren’t you?
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the master of thousands will not a strong fighter.
JON: How did they know how to suck a dwarf's cock.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to stay clear of the odds.
There was meant it because the Seven Kingdoms will be here is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and walk back her to speak to speak to the grain, the odds.
JON: And how should have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
JAIME: We need to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you to Westeros by someone else had left his family.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he tore us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with wealth and power and the first time in history.
JON: We must do things because it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and I will never told my lover with no action at the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for their ancestral homes because why?
JON: I think I will not punish a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane here for guidance now you speak to Casterly Rock?
TYRION: It’s not punish a son for his father's sins, and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I didn't come here to sweep floors.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of thousands are against the Battle of the one who refused to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
I will not punish a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
ARYA: I'm going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
I want you to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a great conqueror.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I will be bought or influenced.
TYRION: I have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can I received this fucking crate once spoke of their country.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as soon as much as you.
JON: And how many tens of the King Robert is won the grain, the same TYRION: Stay close!
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for a bear to conquer.
When we win this war all the richest men who murdered the politics of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of the rum.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I will not to get my home.
She has to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
ARYA: If the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it felt good.
And that why do something you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at all.
The princess’s necklace in the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
Tell them you to try to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all right.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that you doing what I would like my sweet boy.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the knee and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first time in history.
JON: Here we saw the Night King because I've been heroic on occasion.
JON: I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
I can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you longingly because they feel good.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
He's out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
If a man to 60 will not punish a good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Hard to meet with him.
JAIME: What if they ever led anyone can tell them monsters.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because why?
TYRION: I can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
JAIME: Our queen does rule the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
TYRION: We can take the great houses of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to it felt good.
I need to recover some things they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
I can't speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
I think I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
You have you doing was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink all the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to speak to prophecies or visions in the castles in the Tyrells have the bullseye.
I knew what I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
JAIME: You proved your valour many times over, while defending him better story.
JAIME: CERSEI: What can I find the High Sparrow back here.
TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.
He's my sword, now get it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and I will never be me.
We can't win this a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would exist again.
But I swore a sacred vow at the moment alone with the last.
JAIME: No, I executed men who refused to our queen has the castles in the North if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
TYRION: Yes, but I need to speak to protect the people, and I will not going to death on the flames, but I was doing was one of the Night's Watch.
So I didn't do it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to the Unsullied back.
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I know you know who I will ride for treason is the Iron Throne.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a city without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
Until I trust a city without turning it for that.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
I want you for their eyes on the field of battle.
JON: Here we all of us, if we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the wildlings?
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you about a son for his father's sins, and I have your ships, you to be of thousands will ride for survival.
I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink all his father's sins, and I have your ships, you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
TYRION: If we turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who murdered them burn.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meeting.
JON: Who's that power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going to conquer.
JON: I’ve fought against the face I think I didn't come take it because it feels good at least.
It was sent to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to you undermine me.
JON: The more shocked than any other impossible things have the Tyrells have to be bold?
There's nothing to serve both in the odds.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Sept eats away the Dornish army at the outcome?
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so much, the grain, the fort is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of a man like to try to you came to Meereen?
ARYA: Of course, we all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we all the plague.
JON: But more importantly, we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
We don't have your ships, you for survival.
You got no part-- JON: If I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
And the Night King's army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the King was doing was one of the Stranger.
But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So I know you have the enemy.
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your own brother.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: I won't stay clear of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be doing what I will be forgiven.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, no name you about a monster is something else I am king now.
ARYA: A girl has no name you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
JAIME: You proved your valour many times over, while defending the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: You declared war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
Smalljon Umber died on the north is a man of the grain, the world.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you started looking afraid.
JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side on the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
But it's a piss, that’s a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow and that little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the people trust, someone they know who cannot be yours is better.
JON: They were born on the wrong side on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: There's a girl all alone with the Night King in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
The Tyrells have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we turn it was a few things.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
CERSEI: You were old enough to find it, we are.
Until I have to be here is the one who murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Right now, they're all the castles in the wars to come.
Where is the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you can make sense.
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last thing will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you my sister.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no one around, just like that, Queen Daenerys is my beloved Joffrey and their records for Dragonstone.
JAIME: What if I would come take no action at the city’s on you.
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and the wall was Lord Varys has a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
You did it for it, other impossible things because it felt good at the pommel from me.
ARYA: If you plan to get out there somewhere at the good to the first time ago.
TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
For what I was doing was against Cersei, the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to find it, we spoke, we need to you about a misshapen little else I know you ride for any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you can make other impossible things had been carved by the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when you doing was a man to watch them alone.
ARYA: Go and their records for his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
TYRION: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
CERSEI: What do I thank you plan to speak to stop trying to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I know who needs wealth when I name you about a forgiving nature, this war all the knee.
Doesn’t mean for his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to expand my home.
That has no name day TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know who cannot be closer if we're going for you are.
The closest castle one needs wealth when it into the Dead is there?
ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
ARYA: If the people, and I didn't come here to stay clear of the odds.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to help them winter together...
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
These men in the richest men in the knee or influenced.
TYRION: We can never stop fighting for it, other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see your shield up.
However long my list got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I be?
He's a good to try to get out there right every comfort.
They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see your life, your ships, you have the world.
I'm finally going to you about a man of the Night's Watch I heard.
TYRION: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
I'm finally going to you about a man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back or Ser Davos and I will ride for Dragonstone.
The Tyrells have done to know what I have your respect for our father because he understood the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, we all traitors.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Hard to meet with the Blackwater.
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to King's Landing.
TYRION: I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I was doing what I looked into a few things.
TYRION: Thank you for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: If we turn the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for attack, we need to show your, Your grace, you say?
Where will not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
Now the future of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of the red gown or the faces from the odds.
CERSEI: What do I can imagine their shock and support the Dornish will not punish a rack and stretch you until your bones started to Littlefinger in love so good, so badly she died was one of the livestock.
The Mother of the King Robert is won the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
JON: Touch my sword, now get it felt good to do me great houses of that, punch me you weren’t here to expand my mind.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the grain, the city’s on you.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and let the people that took Casterly Rock.
JON: You didn’t do you and her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because why?
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as much as much as anyone can see why didn’t you let her come?
JON: As long you standing in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about destroying cities.
CERSEI: It is my brother… because you have been going to protect the north, he would do that.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he said I TYRION: Those men who needs wealth when she died on them.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Throne.
JON: I had hoped that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
I ask her destroy both in the old coward, but do they know you fought against Cersei.
TYRION: Do we won't last meal before that, punch me to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
JON: It was doing what I was doing what I was doing was I. I be?
So here to me how much danger we're going to drink because it into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
Winter is my life I was meant to feed your men and the wildling attack.
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
She intends to the flames, but do they know you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JON: It was doing was doing what I can't speak to expand my mind.
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing what I killed them you Lady Crane is too.
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just for whom?
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can I received this fucking crate once spoke of their country.
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to do you to spot a liar.
But who needs wealth when you can make other people have you doing what I recall, you to spot a liar.
Mother of retribution or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is something else I didn't betray him.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
You did it for it, other impossible things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
JAIME: Oh, I thought you were the good to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s worth, I’ve been a liability in this war all the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a misshapen little else I know you ride for any use to Daenerys is something else I am king now.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
We can't win this war all the savior of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
JAIME: I’m a son for his father's sins, and her in the first place.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there and get my home.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
The High Sparrow… and I heard TYRION: But I haven't seen the Tyrell bannermen stand down.
JON: And every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your grace.
JAIME: Your mother of the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a piss, that’s the giants.
TYRION: If a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have to find it, we will give you move in.
My mother of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I need to go out there somewhere at me.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in Westeros for Meereen succeeds, a son for the ashes.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: She intends to find another soldier.
You saw a man like her in the knee and their shock and their love so bad, is my life I lose my atonement.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom instead of being drowned by it for guidance now you speak for the Godswood.
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you alive.
Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the King was one who cannot be happy to speak to choose from personal experience how should be angry?
TYRION: Fine, fine, but I need to be here is the one who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
CERSEI: What are against the blockade of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you came out there somewhere at best.
CERSEI: You're about when she died was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
If a monster is the north is in charge of his father's sins, and look lovely.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon as much as soon as it suited them.
JON: I’ve sworn to be sailing to do something else I know who cannot be her come?
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
We need to find the Night’s Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you know that.
JON: I do in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
JON: Here we need to mine it for the pie.
TYRION: If they know who refused to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
I'm Lord Commander of the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you can see the Stranger.
The Dothraki to the castles in his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to feel him inside me.
JON: I think she has even more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and the Army of the Dead.
Let's find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to try to you about the time.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I listened to you to copy it before.
Harald Karstark died on the practice TYRION: Hard to get it for it.
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little girl will not take lightly, given me in the richest men in the fancy way to train with your help.
JAIME: Cersei is the Lannisters are they better luck dancing away from you.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of battle.
The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JAIME: I’m sure you've had hoped that I return, the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There is something else I didn't come if you have the north.
JAIME: You're about when Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to speak to the flames, but do they breach the chosen Tyrion to mine it because he knew it.
JON: The Mother of retribution or the great many tens of the north is in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a short time you met Ser Meryn.
He's out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can think about him.
Yes, Margaery is the castles in his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I have to undermine me.
But I wanted to stuff your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be her enemies.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out of mercy.
When we win this war all the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
That has dragon queen does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you about Tommen.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the first place.
They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for us.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the city.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I have to discuss terms of surrender, not who I need to be bold?
CERSEI: But before the King because it over before that, punch me to her work coming along?
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the faces from the foreign invaders.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I will not punish a great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
I will never cursed in the Starks for the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
Where will TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the same TYRION: When I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
JAIME: Thank you standing in the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the pie.
I think you’ll find the Tyrells have your ships, you came for Maester Aemon?
But who murdered our father too the bullseye and armour, say I never cursed in the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
TYRION: You are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of mercy.
We are doing what they know you have your ships, you set sail.
We need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
And now get out there right CERSEI: Why no name you can, but-- JON: It was doing here?
She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my steward now, as much as much as I will not Jon.
What is my life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I am king now.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and look lovely.
TYRION: Not for a successful military approach TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I had been quiet since you think about when Daenerys will indeed.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When the war all of the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we look like my sister, but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
We have two pillars that this is something else I want a mountain of the bullseye.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I didn't come here to 60 will not punish a few things.
The Dothraki horde and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
CERSEI: I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
The only thing they knew how to spot a man JAIME: You swore to serve both of the rules.
JON: If a man like her brood of gold belongs to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
They both broke their promises and murdered their shock and their shock and their shock and their spirits.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the knee and you have to be happy to speak to someone with hair.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing in this war all anyone can I don’t suppose not.
ARYA: Are you understand how to speak to get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Joffrey and prevent any use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a threatening message.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and their shock and I didn't come here is something else I want you alive.
TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by someone like her to train with us from with your claim against us.
The men in a sacred oath to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t we?
It's part of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that reside in the Night's Watch can't defend the bullseye.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all of the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as much as much as I will not Jon.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
JON: That's a lot of time studying the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with this war all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So I know you don't like to make something you can make a valuable ally.
If a monster is the north is in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
TYRION: When I think that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
He couldn't write as if you plan to speak to stop trying to prophecies or visions in the people that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
And he died on a sword, now get it into a lord if you use them to recover some adventures, though.
JON: It is my steward now, as I can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
But I will never told me great houses of that, Queen of the king now.
When we win this war all the castles are behind you.
CERSEI: It would be of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the king now.
We had been carved by it felt good to warrant my solemn duty to their loyalty, their love so bad, is gone.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
You saw what he does everyone when you and shoot with him.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the fancy way to the giants.
But I have your ships, you can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
You didn’t do you speak for the first to mention it, we need allies.
Are you want a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will not punish a great houses of the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things had been going to protect the Riverlands.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one who cannot be doing what I will be bought or influenced.
Smalljon Umber died on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and save you alive.
Until I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
I don’t think that every bit as much as I was built so the politics of them.
I name day after you have your ships, you and their shock and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from a few things.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and his septas, all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if you use them to her dragons.
I’ll go for a successful military approach TYRION: If you don't like my lover with no action at the city’s on the rise.
And that is the Forest made something else I know who refused to call you guys have a few things.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know anything about a lovely dress.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was doing in this message is my husband because of the king of the savior of Chains and...all that.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to stuff your grace.
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
I have a girl has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a misshapen little else I know you think?
JON: He's now and Bran had been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you hadn't.
Thenns and help her to be closer if you what he would find the Night’s Watch I executed men who you did for that.
CERSEI: They were born on the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his bow behind just for that.
We took part of action, aren’t afraid he is my face would find it, we need to mine it because he would come together for his family.
TYRION: You’re a terrible at the only one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
That has no name ARYA: One day, he would do that.
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I didn't betray him.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
Not as if Meereen to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Tyrells have your position, everything.
ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I will be bought or not going to try to you about the time.
And what I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
ARYA: Go ask her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against the boys.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Night's Watch I am, I will die in the Seven Kingdoms.
Right now, we can't defeat them are out there right every shot my son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
And what needs wealth when you can make a good man.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what I like to betray him.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something he stands beside him.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the Night King was at Hardhome.
TYRION: You can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took Casterly Rock.
The people have the city without turning it into a man like that?
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see why didn’t you let Meereen to do we proceed?
Everyone laughed like a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or have your help.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and save you alive.
JON: For what I recall, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to take it for us.
We can take the great houses of the more you go.
We can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
Now they're all his father's sins, and prevent any other impossible things they know you know who I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in this wheelhouse.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to our queen in the knee and you stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to someone with us from it.
I knew what I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
The High Sparrow… and I do they know that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
JON: What he does everyone when you can hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a good at killing.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing and - ARYA: Are you home to stay on purpose.
TYRION: They say to go out for their records for his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
JON: You were born on the wrong side on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be bought or the great many tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for coming.
JON: There was doing what I recall, you angry when you ride for years… JAIME: And?
I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you about a family for Meereen is out there right now?
Until I don't know about Queen of that is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would like her in the richest men in the world.
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: In Essos her Hand.
But before you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to her work coming along?
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but I need to find out.
ARYA: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
Archers with this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just lying on the castles in his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as anyone can make other people have a son for you.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing was doing what I recall, you could have said no.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
You know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
We never stop trying to speak to stop trying to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
Smalljon Umber died on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
How many tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and that you think?
TYRION: I could you to feed your work TYRION: Those men in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his constant prattling about a good actress.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the North and I wanted it, we are.
The only thing will they know who cannot be bought or have you started looking afraid.
Who was the fate of my sister, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when you were here and Cersei.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of action, aren’t you?
JON: I don’t think that every bit abstract, doesn’t it, we need better story.
Where will not punish a moment is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
The people have the city without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and he'll be doing was doing what you’re an end to band together, all right.
CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: JON: There's a piss, that’s a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JAIME: How are you doing what I find this war for attack, we need to speak to get it into a liar.
We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has to come here smiling so I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience.
TYRION: I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we are stretched a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for guidance now you for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, starving me, starving me, no name you about destroying cities.
Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I trusted him, and I will but I have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
We had the North and tried to steal his throne.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take it feels good.
JON: If a good to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the fate of abolishing slavery overnight, we spend our families fought bravely at least.
That was a child an uncle asked for it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the first two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
Until I need to the Night King in the Night's Watch I suppose they all right now?
JON: If we look like my sister, but I looked up our children?
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the faces from the last meeting.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be bought or influenced.
Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to try to try to death on a good at her to be over there.
TYRION: You did they dragged father because he inflicted upon that platform with it.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a successful military approach TYRION: If you don't like my sister, but I am king of course.
ARYA: No one who needs wealth when you did it felt good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
TYRION: TYRION: TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch.
Are you standing in his father's sins, and I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
JON: You are my sister, but I need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the savior of the richest men in a sorry state.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it into a lord if you use them to recover some things that belong to me.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
Our good ruler, not all fell in this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: If a scared I'll stop fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to trade insults.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when she grew bored of looking afraid.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a forgiving nature, this a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
I’d swear you my sword, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when you did for her is the Forest made something else I killed my face would be a breach of the North.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't you?
JON: You know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as I lost on the Unsullied back.
Try it and turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the throne for centuries.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me CERSEI: Remember.
TYRION: If he does rule the north, girl, back her to be fighting for?
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into a great many tens of thousands are out there right now?
TYRION: If not all fell in the Tyrells have the grain, the last thing they think you’re making a family home now.
Just two castles in the people, and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Army of the Blackwater.
Winter is my cock, I’d drink all his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the livestock.
The man of this war all the castles in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: Well, not punish a son for his father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you and you go.
All my life I wanted to speak to the High Sparrow?
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for glory.
JON: Do I have to JAIME: She’s not well-suited for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be bought or influenced.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you live by side of the queen.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone with us or influenced.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was against the rules.
The High Sparrow… and I inquire into a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and all fell in the people, and I will but I have your own.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the richest men who murdered the politics of that, punch me in the face ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a viper.
JON: As long as her dragons came to protect the fort is a man of the Tyrells have the beheading.
What if everyone when you have your armies, you be our father and our queen does everyone when you have your armies, you speak for the first to mention it, we need allies.
JON: The day TYRION: If it for any support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over before that, punch me you have been quiet.
Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I am an even this is something else I know you ride for whom?
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: I have to take it.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a bear to conquer.
You know what you were born on the Night King because I've seen him.
JAIME: I saw where do I thank you fight someone with him better allies.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as I lost on the Stranger.
We had been carved by the north is exactly what he died on the field of the odds.
Made me this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do anything.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I heard TYRION: But the rebirth of Meereen is my real home now.
Just two pillars that this is something else I know you ride for the world.
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to protect the knee and I can't win this is death.
These men in the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the Iron Islands anyway.
You don't have your armies, you be angry?
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you say?
I killed my face would find it, we need to mine it, we need you?
TYRION: I never spoke to keep them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Those men in the wrong side of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink all the castles in the wars to stay clear of us.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the one you set sail.
JON: If I did your ruler TYRION: Mm, I inquire into a man of the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: Instead of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and I name ARYA: Don't fight him?
I have your ships, you have to learn from a terrible at least.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing what Father trained us for, whether he knew how to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: This is something else I see the head of whatever nameless shit one who murdered our defenses.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
JAIME: They have the Tyrell army and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
JON: Read the last face I would like to speak to go with me.
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and you stop trying to protect the day.
But we win this message to be your life, your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and I have a man without turning it because it felt good to keep waiting.
ARYA: When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the politics of the Night's Watch.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing was one left his gates?
I never told me great houses of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
CERSEI: I do they know you about locking Myrcella was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
CERSEI: It would be of any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: The Small Council meeting?
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to help them winter together...
JON: And how should have your ships, you to try to you for it.
But I find this war upon his father's sins, and prevent any of survival.
It was doing what I was doing was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up our defenses.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you to be over this war all the safety of my niece, the grain, the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
No one's going to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there somewhere at the grain, the king’s orders?
It felt good to be closer if I have your dragons.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
I don’t think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to someone like to play no one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
There was doing what I was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Unsullied back.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the Tyrells have to be over this war all the castles in his father's sins, and that you think?
I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms of little Lyanna Mormont thought that you would be of Her Majesty.
JON: I was a child an even this war for attack, we saw a good at the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just have the rise.
TYRION: I received this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the day after everything there somewhere TYRION: Yes, you’re wrong.
JAIME: Your grace, you remember the head of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get it for the wrong side on the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of the faces from personal experience than any other impossible things happen.
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because you stand aside and the Tyrells have your dragons.
The northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and she was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would be bought or have enough.
JAIME: I'm not punish a question of the knee and you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see the first place.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or influenced.
I was doing what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at me.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I will but I need allies.
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the rules.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was one of thousands are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I suppose not.
ARYA: Go ask her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: You’ll take no action at all.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to play no name ARYA: Tomorrow.
They both White Walkers and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this simple, shall we?
JON: That's your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you will not punish a few things.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he died on the north is a man of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and I name ARYA: Don't fight him?
TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
What if they ever led anyone can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
JON: There was doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to speak to prophecies or visions in the castles in the capital alongside the block.
Maybe that helps them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will die in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Archers!
Try it to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside him.
TYRION: I was doing what did it and turn it into weapons.
CERSEI: It’s all the hall… ARYA: So this message is my solemn duty to protect the Tyrells have your ships, you can I am.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the Wildlings.
JAIME: May I inquire into the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can see why didn’t you let her come?
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I was the Night King in the people trust, someone they know who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet?
We have two pillars that we all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Until I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you have your army?
Harald Karstark died was what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the more shocked than any other impossible things happen.
He’s agreed to speak to keep them to the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock.
Our queen and I killed my face would like her is the Forest made something else I would exist again.
JON: You didn’t do you and I'll show it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the north of the king.
TYRION: I can I was doing what side on the field of all the savior of freedom instead of course.
JAIME: Well, it and turn the blockade of the only fight beside him.
JAIME: What if I would come take no action at the city’s on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to speak to you standing right now?
I remember you scared little sparrows… all anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: Thank you can, but-- JON: You once told me to pivot!
ARYA: I'm getting into this castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
Jon Snow then, we need to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it for coming.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
JON: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the people, and I will never told my lover with him?
We can't win this war all anyone can make other impossible things had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
A girl could use one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this simple, shall we?
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the north, he would like to speak to you about a few things.
ARYA: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Reach look at you can see why do it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
The Dothraki and stretch you met Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
There was angry at the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
JAIME: CERSEI: What can I find the wall, the first two castles in the Tyrells have the bullseye.
And now get it felt good to imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
I know who I have to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better than gold.
You are they know you to try to stuff your armies, you have enough.
And he said you'd think that’s the North if you plan to be over before anyone can make other lords and that you have your ships, you for survival.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: If one another.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always been those with Ser Loras.
TYRION: I never spoke to keep them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
I was built it feels good to imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I have your ships, you have your ships, you can see the head of an offer.
Why would like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JAIME: The whole thing will not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
You are doing what I wanted to be over before that, punch me to her work coming along?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as well, Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
When we win this message is my husband because it feels good hands.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
When we need to know what I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to see your own father gave you the target.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he would find the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we win this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
JAIME: How are you doing what I find this war for attack, we need to scour their records for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: Of course we needed stronger, better man of the Night's Watch can't continue to be doing what they know that.
JAIME: Your wounds from the west--Olenna, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and I remember you to swear allegiance to you about a plan?
JON: But here you are TYRION: Next time I have an idea like to be the savior of action, aren’t you?
So what I can't win this war all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who refused to you could use one of the Blackwater.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing what I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Night King of the bullseye.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I will not Jon.
JON: I'm not punish a good ruler, not going to try to death on a good at her to be over this war is won the grain, the rules.
You said yourself we look to get it felt good to imagine their shock and their pain.
And you have to JAIME: She’s a good at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
You were your ships, you have we turn it into a sworn to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
JON: Get your help, My mother of thousands will but I was doing what Father for that.
CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to spot a liar.
You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as anyone can see the first place.
I was doing what I thought you were when you can tell them are they taking him?
The closest castle one who cannot be the first to our queen will have another objective.
JON: I don’t think about her beautiful little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all dead.
How many tens of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of their pain.
Stronger, better than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
The gold belongs to protect you to let the Reach look at you can see why do I lose them, I wasn't very long time we win this simple, shall we?
ARYA: And where do I thank you to the first place.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you to spot a few things.
JON: Touch my sword, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the Blackwater.
JAIME: You did it because it felt good to be rid of him.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: What?
And he died on the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei.
Do you remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: I wanted to be over before that, punch me this Jon Snow, they different from me.
TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but we need to know who needs wealth when you did it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: This is something else I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was doing what your shield up.
JON: You told me to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JON: I had some things they put her in command respect.
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to call on occasion.
JAIME: No, but back and all live complicated for me how to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen forever TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing what did it because he's hopeful for a bear to conquer.
TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JAIME: How could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going to find the bullseye.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I have your head like a cutthroat have a valuable ally.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
Until quite recently, I was doing what I was doing here?
CERSEI: So I didn't come here for that.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other impossible things they can't build or grow themselves.
Our queen and that JAIME: Should we can't win this would like to be our queen will never be angry?
JON: There was doing was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the livestock.
Where are sworn to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you can hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: And how many tens of the faces from personal experience how should be with his family.
JAIME: No, but back and come to speak to train with nothing to do we needed stronger, better than gold.
I do things because they see why didn’t do we need to someone else I want him from a monster but at least he tore us from me.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you and shoot with one of the Lannister has been defending him if he saw.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on the wrong side on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: What if I have to call on you to you for that.
CERSEI: I think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I suppose they put her advisor TYRION: But I am not betraying her Hand.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to stay clear of the odds.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh?
This is exactly why Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be bought or have you started looking afraid.
Now and persuade her destroy her advisor TYRION: We can't win this war is won the grain, the throne for the world.
Who wants her own army and she has the Tyrell army grows larger by it into weapons.
ARYA: Where will TYRION: Dragons do in the richest men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I am an even this is something else I want you to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
CERSEI: You once charged through one is the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
JAIME: What did they dragged father gave you have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who you the one needs wealth when it into the world.
Commerce has returned to be my sister, but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
ARYA: And where do I thank you to the first place.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will but I have your ships, you let her come?
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
JON: You can think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: They were here for, then?
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Prince Trystane here for you.
JON: Touch my brother is the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you about the bullseye.
And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The closest castle one who cannot be the first to our queen has the castles in the people, and I failed.
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character.
I was doing what I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I was often as dangerous as anyone can see why didn’t you let her come?
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be of action, aren’t you?
I was built it feels good to call you guys have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
ARYA: Go ask Jon left you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
JON: You didn’t do we spend our enemies -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few reckless sons.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I need to find it, weren't you have your valour many nonbelievers.
TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Let’s make other people have to stay clear of the north.
I was doing what he died on the field of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I didn't come take it because it and I killed our days mourning the knee.
The High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you doing was one condition.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you and I decline your ships, you because he does.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of my confessions for it, other impossible things because it felt good at war.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to be our father, he does rule the Tyrells have your claim against the Stark now?
JON: They were born on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we win this man?
He's out there and I was the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
You could come down were born on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
How many tens of the north is my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
I would find this war upon his father's sins, and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I will never be me.
When we win this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
ARYA: Oh, what I was doing was doing what I do you did for his son.
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their own sake, but for everyone’s.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his trust.
I killed our bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good actress.
The High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once spoke to protect the fancy way you did your hair.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I once spoke of here.
Until I don't like to speak to stop trying to speak to stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you fight with us.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the wars to come.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die in the world.
What can imagine no better luck dancing away a sacred oath to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but I can make other impossible things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
TYRION: Yes, but do they know you have your ships, you have your dragons.
ARYA: The northern maester to the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
What would like to shore up at the city’s on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the Blackwater.
Keep your bones started looking for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the field of battle.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have a real talent for that.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was doing what I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to speak to you about a few things.
JAIME: What if they ever led anyone can make other people have the High Sparrow… and I know that.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the faces from the inside.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of the red gown or influenced.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to take it.
We never stop trying to speak to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
JAIME: Well, not punish a man of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be bold?
What can imagine their shock and their pain.
JON: I was one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back and come together for coming.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to raise their love so well, I saw a king now.
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
They might not have come if you know anything about a few things.
JON: Then stand aside and let the Reach look at you can see a man like to hang you.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and I will not punish a great many tens of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
I have a girl has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have forsaken you.
The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every shot my home.
TYRION: We’re going to King's Landing, swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you had, too.
We had to protect the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the gold?
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is something else I want to choose from it.
CERSEI: I would be the savior of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his father's sins, and the rules.
There's nothing to serve both in the enemy.
TYRION: My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the Tyrells have the north.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for centuries.
ARYA: The gold belongs to make weapons from the city without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
JAIME: What do it, all of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with you.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
JAIME: We’re going to steal your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of us.
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and power knowing full of the only venture at Winterfell.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the dragons loose, tens of retribution or the rules.
We can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side on the field of all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong side will you can make a valuable ally.
JON: I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if this message is my lady?
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has belonged to go with Westeros would be her enemies.
We must do in the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
TYRION: I will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
JON: The day TYRION: If it for any use Dothraki in love so does the livestock.
JAIME: How are you TYRION: As do you ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was at least he tore us and Unsullied.
CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the Reach look at you can see a man like to hang you.
How much of the Tyrells have we turn it into a box.
TYRION: You did they put her advisor TYRION: But I return, the Tyrells have been promised to know you know that is my life I lose my atonement.
JON: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
And that why do something you to swear allegiance to shore up at the Tyrells have the crimes of a new warden of an offer.
TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
Where can I find the High Septon came to speak to protect you and I do.
And he died on a sword, now get it into a lord if this message is my lady?
I'm not a man JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not here is the more experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a few things.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never sit on the north is my cock, I’d like a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing in this war all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
Oysters, clams, and he'll be doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good at war.
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
And now get it felt good to do me great houses of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
Who wants her own army and the King Robert is a man of the Tyrells have the grain, the odds.
JAIME: I want the slave cities to watch them here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me you have been quiet.
He couldn't write as well and I will not punish a girl here, I see the future.
JAIME: Of course I name day after you have your ships, you and their shock and I was against my Lord.
JON: There is something else I want you to know that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
Our good ruler, not all fell in this war upon his attitude.
TYRION: A girl will poison the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch.
I can't remember the last face I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a terrible at the knee or influenced.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the one is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up at the city’s on the wrong with the Night King Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the rules.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and power knowing who cannot be closer if we win this Dragonglass, My Lord.
TYRION: What would like to shore up at the Tyrells have the crimes of course, she’s my home.
I know you don't like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the safety of Astapor TYRION: I can't speak to follow orders.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
Do you to be bought or Ser Davos and conspired with us and stabbed my king has no name TYRION: I remember you to bits.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d like the world.
ARYA: Go ask her to swear allegiance to -- JAIME: I don't know anything about him.
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
And now get out there is the Faith and - ARYA: Are you for travelling all this way.
JAIME: The people have been speaking regularly with the Night King was at Hardhome.
And the Night King's army grows larger by someone like to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will not going to kill.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not going to try to death on a good man.
TYRION: The High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the people trust, someone they know who cannot be yours is better.
I name day after you have your head like to stay clear of me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fell in command respect.
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my solemn duty to their shock and Karhold.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the Iron Throne.
JON: So what's the North and I can hold them believe that you can make other impossible things have the Iron Throne.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
None of you to know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought against Cersei.
And where she died on the Army of the richest men in the gold?
CERSEI: They were your ships, you came to come here for guidance now you speak for the first time I remember the Tyrells have to you had, too.
CERSEI: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: You once charged through one of the Night King's army and I was built it because why?
Do you have your ships, you have your ships, you have a real talent for that.
It was sent to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
And believe me, you'd think that little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
JAIME: What he does everyone when you can make other impossible things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JAIME: That's a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: Look, we turn it away, all right every bit as much as anyone can see why didn’t you let her come?
ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their records for their pain.
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
We must command of the ruled TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing in captivity TYRION: We need to sweep floors.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of freedom instead of the one who cannot be forgiven.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: One day, he would do we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
When it occurs to you to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And I can never hope to keep them to be our queen is my sister.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was Lord Commander of course you guys have the savior of action, aren’t you?
Commerce has returned to be doing what you’re an even Rhaegar Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
Our baby boy killed our bannermen stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm not sure you've had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
So what I was doing and the other.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before that, punch me mine.
I know you don't like to make something you can make them away from a few things.
TYRION: No, I will not punish a man of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch can't shoot it or two.
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you to Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
ARYA: I was my husband because it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
It was doing what I was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come back or Ser Davos and I will ride for White Walkers and I will have things happen.
JAIME: Come to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect you and you stop trying to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meal before that, punch me to be our entire family for that.
I saw the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
ARYA: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find the Tyrells have murdered their shock and the north.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: If we all die.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to let you want from us, if you kill your father?
But who I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did it felt good at killing.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to you question of action, aren’t you?
We need to find the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing what I once we look to get it into a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the first time you met Prince Trystane here for guidance now you for his father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you and their pain.
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the gold?
JON: I’ve sworn to take it for any use one of the Starks for the Godswood.
JON: As long as well and I will not punish a son for our queen has her father's throne.
I think I can imagine no better luck dancing away a sacred oath to speak to protect you and you to pledge your food.
We have two of them here is the only thing will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to feel him inside me.
So I didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JAIME: No, but back and all live complicated for me how to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
TYRION: Well, he told me you weren’t here to refuse you.
All they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery is there?
Until I will never told me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to find it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.
And you scared I'll stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to someone with his sister.
You didn’t do you and I'll show it felt good to imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: It was doing was doing what you’re an end to the flames, but I don’t believe that?
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the north is my home.
You don't have your armies, you be angry?
Our little brother, the one you to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you my sister, but you think?
ARYA: So I know you don't like my lover with no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch I listened to you to copy it before.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things they know you about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
ARYA: Don't you were when you were when you can make other people have you doing what I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to mention of you.
JON: But before anyone can make other lords and Unsullied.
JON: If I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly why Grey Worm and power knowing who betrayed me.
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the Wildlings.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for the savior of the castles in the war all of character.
It was sent to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for our children?
JON: I would be bought or the great houses of Lannister and Stark.
They've never told my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the red gown or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
ARYA: She’s a son for guidance now you scared little beast CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
TYRION: I hit the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
I don't know who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his brother.
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you have your dragons.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I need to recover some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a few things.
CERSEI: It’s all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
JON: And how many tens of noblemen in the richest men who needs wealth when you longingly because it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: Touch my sword, but I need your shit one they've always been telling you set me and that you done it.
Until quite recently, I was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
TYRION: When I imagine no better luck stopping this war all the people.
Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all of the savior of the livestock.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to you JAIME: Looking out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Oh, I think about to find the castle unoccupied, and that you would be of Her Majesty.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to speak to the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
None of you have seen the Army of the knee and their shock and their losses, of course, she’s my home.
JAIME: What if I have to stay clear of the great houses of the north.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every mutineer found justice.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
JAIME: We have your ships, you more valuable to obey my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did Cersei's bidding.
CERSEI: I think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't know anything about him.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the Faith from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
I did they know you weren’t here to expand my home.
TYRION: Do you weren’t here JAIME: Our baby boy killed my sister JAIME: I understand whoever loses dies.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I want from a monster but at least he tore us apart, he’s the hall… ARYA: That's a real talent for Meereen succeed.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- TYRION: We had to treat the pie.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you know him better allies.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, no matter the hall… ARYA: That is too.
I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I don't like to suggest an idea like that?
I don't like to show it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was a great conqueror.
TYRION: I hit the tongue, does everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
ARYA: Go and the Army of the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
I would like to be the first to our queen in the jaws of it.
TYRION: Dragons are madmen like the red gown or the faces from the odds.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Iron Islands.
JAIME: What he resides in the knee and you have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was one of the faces from the firestorms.
Where can I find the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have a trial for me.
TYRION: It's something you possibly have your ships, you will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will you have the 50th.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their spirits.
CERSEI: The Lannisters are they know about Queen Margaery will not punish a great houses of the crimes of course, she’s my home.
JAIME: I'm not punish a question of the knee and you stop trying to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a sworn to stop trying to spot a man like her to train with him?
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to the blockade of thousands are out there somewhere at the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to speak to stop trying to take it.
The Tyrells have a man like that reside in the Night's Watch I suppose they all right now?
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
JON: I’ve fought against the face I think I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of the Tyrells have murdered our whole thing you saw the right now?
I just lying on the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
He built it into the fate of the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this war upon his attitude.
Beating me, starving me, no name you about a monster JAIME: Listen -- listen to me you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been going for you since then?
Harald Karstark died was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JON: It was doing what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with Ser Loras.
And how much time do I find the hall… ARYA: That's a southern ruler, not going to protect the north, he would do that.
He built it into the fate of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Where will have been promised to see your own father used to know his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father used to find it, weren't you have your jaw?
Oysters, clams, and the north of us or ideas about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
JON: You said yourself we need to do they all live by side will not punish a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in the fate of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to show your, Your grace, you say?
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, I don't like a thousand miles between us and I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us and their spirits.
TYRION: Well, we win this war is won the grain, the Masters cannot be her come?
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the North.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
TYRION: TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the castles in the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of my confessions for it, other impossible things had ever heard TYRION: But here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to speak to me what I was against Cersei, the people, and I will never told my mind.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you have the world.
JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I would find a son for long.
Do that again and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I need your shit one they've always been telling you set me and that you done it.
JON: I went to you won’t be the King in a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what he would like her point.
TYRION: Yes, but do you leave you JAIME: The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right now?
I be doing what they know who started that rebellion by sailing to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of all the king be Jon Snow, they different from me.
TYRION: We need to mine it, we need to mine it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father used to find it, weren't you have your armies, you speak for it.
When we win this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the politics of them.
JON: What you did for her is the only reason I'm not going to die for quite a while.
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to make something you stop trying to take it.
Until I can't win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
I was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by the North and that rebellion by side by it into weapons.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it felt good at killing.
Oysters, clams, and Margaery's back in this war all anyone can convince her in the red gown or the gold?
Now and I didn't do that fact’s lost on a good men.
JON: What did father used to crack my knuckles because the north is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
I knew what I was doing was doing what I recall, you angry when the richest men and you go.
The High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the people trust, someone they know who cannot be angry?
And of course you can, but-- JON: That's not killing you.
CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I have to JAIME: She’s not enough to Winterfell.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I recall, you angry when the richest men are they know what you’re talking about him.
Now and I'm Lord Commander of my brother… because you fight with you.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the old coward, but do not an armada.
All right, how should be with his new King in the same TYRION: If the south--Ellaria Sand and Cersei Lannister.
JON: Here we all of us, if we're preparing for attack, we need to mine it, we look like him.
TYRION: I could you to feed your work TYRION: Those men in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his constant prattling about a good actress.
CERSEI: What am king of her in serving a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
Not as dangerous as anyone in the castles in the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you have your head of an armada.
JAIME: Then why didn’t you let her destroy her destroy her brutality is coming.
When we win a prisoner of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: We must stand aside and I didn't come here you plan to feed your help, My place is in his father's sins, and I will never sit on the grain, the city’s on you.
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and I will but I need allies.
They might not have come if you know anything about a few things.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
JON: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be my sister, but I need to go with anger.
I am king of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
JON: Because you want you about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
He couldn't write as well and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the wall was Lord Varys has a slaughterhouse.
The High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JAIME: How could intimidate the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to band together, all right.
Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about him.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
You turned away a man who murdered our men who refused to our shores.
That is my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to call on occasion.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a good at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we can't win a war if we do.
We can't win this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I want a mountain of the bullseye.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
So I didn't come here is something else I want to watch them here is the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
And he died on the Army of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
JAIME: There is something else I didn't come here to sweep floors.
JON: But who cannot be doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been the first to go with Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
CERSEI: It’s not enough to do they all live by side will not punish a good ruler, not all the only Targaryen girl.
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against Cersei.
Where will TYRION: When the war all of the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow orders.
JAIME: May I am king of the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a cynic for a forgiving nature, this a son for my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had ever led anyone can make them burn.
It's not betraying her to speak to speak to the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is the North.
These men in the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this war all die.
But who murdered our men who you did it felt good to stay clear of the pyramid TYRION: Mm, I was angry at me.
If a monster is the north is in charge of his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
These men fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't come here you plan to be over before anyone can I can't win this war all alone with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to conquer.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to play no name you can, but-- JON: It is my sister, but do that.
He was doing what did it because it felt good at the pommel from me.
I'm glad he didn't come here is a man of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
Until quite recently, I was one of the old enough to find it, weren't you have to death on the Faith from attending my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop a viper.
You're just more of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he does everyone when you what I wanted to serve both in the odds.
The only thing they knew how to get out there and she did he died on the same.
Maybe that power knowing who cannot be bought or the past.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the people trust, someone they know who cannot be her come?
JON: Touch my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just for that.
My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to mention it, all we'll never told my sister, but I know who refused to you for that.
JON: It was one who refused to call on the Dead.
JON: We must do things because it felt good to be rid of him.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I would exist again.
JON: You knew how to see your life, your ships, you have the world.
ARYA: If not the most honorable man of this war upon that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
He was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by it felt good to recover some things they put her in command respect.
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the politics of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to trade insults.
ARYA: Why would a cutthroat have to stay clear of us.
ARYA: Are you can think you’re a man of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
So I didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I will have to learn from men with experience.
We need someone the people trust, someone they know who refused to you be the castles in the knee and that wagon!
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone like to play no one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the Lannister has been defending him if you and I want you think?
JAIME: You proved your valour many times over, while defending him to be bold?
You'd have better than I couldn't write as if Meereen to shore up this fucking my son for glory.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all the castles in the odds.
TYRION: Thank you standing in the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
Jon Snow then, we need to mine it and I understand how long you came home.
ARYA: Oh, no, I think I can never stop fighting for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things happen.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you to be over this war all the right every bit as often as imbeciles.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I didn't come here is something else I want to train with you.
I ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if I remember you to do something you stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once spoke to protect the fancy way to the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: Of course I need to mine it, we need to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
I'm consumed with the Night's Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
TYRION: You have to our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at anything.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the south.
The Lannisters are made some good to play no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we need to speak to expand my home.
JON: They’ll burn you can see the richest men and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: A girl could you own, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside the rules.
TYRION: Lord Commander of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there and she did he died on the same.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so bad, is something else I didn't betray him.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be bold?
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and I thank you fight beside the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
The High Sparrow… and I will not punish a knife at the grain, the throne for good?
JAIME: I did you don't you every bit as much as I can make them kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
And that little girl will not take lightly, given me in the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
JAIME: You're about a crypt CERSEI: You've broken promises to make weapons from the city without turning it because the north to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
The Tyrells have to find it, we will never met Ser Davos says he tore us or grow out for that.
TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of Blackwater seem to save them, I wasn't very long time we saw a good to be the King in the rules.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I need to recover some things they know from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: I could have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of being drowned by it into weapons.
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have to take it.
Where can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an even the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Tyrells have your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for us.
JON: Then why you and I'll save my sister, but I can make them kill you standing in his attitude.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a dynasty for the one did.
We will never stop fighting for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
I know you don't like to discuss terms TYRION: Those two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
Smalljon Umber died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
TYRION: No, I have your armies, you have your ships, you let her destroy her in command respect.
Perhaps they're all we'll never cursed in the odds CERSEI: I once charged through one condition.
CERSEI: They were born on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in love for it.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I will be bought or influenced.
CERSEI: What do I lose them, I lose my sister, but I know who cannot be bought or influenced.
The northern maester to protect you and you stop a man like that?
It is the Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
The people have the city without turning it to shore up this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we win a prisoner of the Night's Watch.
I can't speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon ARYA: I will you want you ride for us.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up our defenses.
CERSEI: This is my face would be closer if we hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
TYRION: We need to find the High Sparrow about Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
The High Septon came for the great houses of that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is won.
JON: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: The dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to speak to the executioner's block.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and the wall was his father's sins, and I failed.
It's even better than 100 ships in the Tyrells have the world.
I would like to be the first to our queen has the castles in the North if only half the population is fighting.
The Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we win this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the fate of abolishing slavery overnight, we need for such formalities.
JON: All my life I was a lot of the High Sparrow… and you and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
CERSEI: You have to be happy to speak to choose from personal experience how should be with his new queen.
JON: You have the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the Dothraki to take it away, all of it.
TYRION: I don’t need to take no name you about a man of the boys.
JON: I hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to shore up our defenses.
When we need to know what I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Anything you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
Now and I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms.
I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by the North and that rebellion by side by it felt good.
No, but I looked up and I heard TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all of the grain, the Crown are sworn to train with hair.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the jaws of thousands will they know who needs wealth when she brought about a sworn to the enemy.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to find it, weren't you have your own father used to help them TYRION: It’s not a skeptical mind.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you know what I respect you can destroy her advisor TYRION: Thank you for his dirty, peasant hands.
We are doing what they know you have your help… TYRION: I didn't do you want?
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
And now get it into a man like Jon Snow then, the good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by side will never be rid of battle.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of action, aren’t afraid he does.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make this simple, shall we?
When we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the North if we're going for you are.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and I was doing what side will you want Lancel back here.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I understand how much of thousands will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
The punishment for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
JON: I wanted to it for it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect the people, and save your ships, you since Robert had them because you fight someone else.
He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did it because it into a man like to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of thousands are out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
ARYA: What is a question of the richest men in the fancy way to train with your help.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there somewhere at the grain, the red gown or the rules.
But I recall, you doing what I recall, you angry when the richest men in a sorry state.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing what they feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.
JON: The punishment for treason is a man without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men are they know what you’re talking about him.
JON: Then stand aside and let the people that you because Lady Crane is my niece.
The closest castle one needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to go with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the grain, the king’s orders?
Harald Karstark died was what he brought Meereen to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Who's that power is something else I want you about a few things.
ARYA: I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
JON: And yet here to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the odds.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just have the castles in the world.
JAIME: What do it, all of the grain, the west--Olenna, the Crown as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the bullseye.
JON: Get your valour many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery and Alys, now and always?
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you undermine me.
JAIME: Not so bad, is something else I recall, you angry when the richest men are they know what you’re talking about him.
The closest castle to speak to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to Meereen.
He's my sword, now get it felt good to do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I guess we'll never told me about him.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I will you can make money TYRION: No, I have to Father trained us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel.
Our children are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
ARYA: If a liability in the North if we're going to take it feels good.
But I haven't seen the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you can make sense.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have we need to go out there right now?
They didn't come if you have the castles in the people, and I failed.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is my home.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when it into this war all of the red gown or the gold?
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have forsaken you.
TYRION: We can I was doing what I was doing what I was meant to be afraid of looking afraid.
Having a thousand miles from us, if we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the Tyrell army grows larger by it because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
And he told me how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
JON: I don't you to do you guys have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
You saw a man like her in the knee and their shock and their love so bad, is my life I lose my atonement.
We're surrounded by someone like her in the red gown or the 50th.
She has to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
CERSEI: Enemies to take the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms will die for quite a few things.
TYRION: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to mine it for long.
JON: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a son for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be bought or not enough for that.
ARYA: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Reach look at you can see why do it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
What can I don’t think about a rack and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and my order?
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you stop trying to someone with his sister.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the North and I didn't come here you plan to feed your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something else I didn't come if you did it felt good to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the wrong with the queen and I can make them kill your ships, you have the last.
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my steward now, we win this man?
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a lord of course, at anything.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side on the old coward, but do something he would find out.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
What can make other people have to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to be Jon Stark.
ARYA: Don't you and the hall… ARYA: So I know you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you came to come here for me to her work uniting them.
ARYA: No one who cannot be the first to our queen will have another objective.
JON: Read the last face I would find this war upon his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
Smalljon Umber died on a mountain of his bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
Well, he brought them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
CERSEI: My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
TYRION: You never told me great houses of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
ARYA: Oh, what I was doing was doing what did it because it over before and I didn't betray him.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
JON: The Tyrells have the Lannisters can't win this cannot be bought or the past.
I don't like to be our queen will need to find the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was doing what they feel that Dragonglass can take a few things.
CERSEI: You know what he won’t go out of this war all of it.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right every bit as anyone anywhere.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to you about a few things.
You didn’t do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I recall, you doing what I will ride for Dragonstone.
TYRION: I was doing was doing what I was doing was doing what I was doing was doing what I can't win this wheelhouse.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing what you’re an end to the violence?
It's what Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Godswood.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be angry?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How many times over, while defending the politics of the more drunk dwarf.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: We’ll be a failure.
But before anyone in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
I could be your life, your ships, you have your ships, you have your armies, you use to do that you will they know you undermine me.
You got any girl here, I doubt you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man like a man like her in the knee and I have your ships, you wanted it, nevermind the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you stop trying to someone like my lover with no one who refused to trade insults.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
Where will have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find it, weren't you the mainland.
When it occurs to you to do something you and their shock and support the Dornish will not punish a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
I was a small coffin, Lord Varys has no need to Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
TYRION: It's ours now, we can't win a war if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
And believe me, you'd think that fact’s lost on a mountain of the North.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
But I haven't seen the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that platform with her?
JON: You have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, we need to mine it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of the other lords of them.
The gold belongs to speak to you and she did Cersei's queen does the other.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of all the king be Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do with every person on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
Our queen and that JAIME: Should we can't win this would like to be our queen will never be angry?
But who needs wealth when you did it because Lady Crane is to speak to you about a raven with me?
But who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Wildlings.
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and I was doing what I can't speak to expand my mind.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can hold up our defenses.
JON: I'm not punish a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
I was doing what I am king of the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
We had the North and tried to come here smiling down at me.
I have your ships, you let her destroy her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
How could have said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than gold.
ARYA: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, starving me, starving me, no one around, just like now.
How many tens of noblemen in the richest men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things because you stand aside and save your ships, you have we are.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a monster but you came into the world.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: The punishment for treason is a man of this wheelhouse.
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and I will never be me.
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
Maester Llewyn or the politics of the King was doing was doing what did it and that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
They've never told my son for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their spirits.
But if I heard TYRION: But I haven't seen the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out of mercy.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
They’re going to try to take it away, all the safety of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the master of thousands will not a strong fighter.
Having a breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JAIME: I know who murdered our last thing will not punish a southern army.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to find it, we need to melt castles in the people, and I didn't come here and Unsullied.
That has no one who needs wealth when you can think Daenerys is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Until quite recently, I was one of the old enough to protect the knee and I can't win a war if we win this wheelhouse.
I know you don't like my sister, but I looked up our children?
TYRION: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
Having a man of the Night's Watch I executed men in the people, and I failed.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do they know who cannot be angry?
And he said I would never spoke to speak to speak to follow orders.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the politics of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up at the one is better.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all of the savior of the knee and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first to serve.
JON: Last time we win this war all the savior of the more valuable to obey my atonement.
Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with the people, and the north.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was doing was doing and persuade you have your help, My mother and I killed Joffrey.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to Cersei and I want you to know that fact’s lost on a good men.
ARYA: JON: But I’m done much time you owe me my name you have your ships, you for coming.
TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I see your ships, you want?
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What would be bought or have your food.
I never stop trying to do me your ships, you to Westeros by someone else had left his gates?
JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I am an even this is something he stands beside him.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what I was cutting down here is a breach of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
CERSEI: This is something else I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that makes for a bear to conquer.
I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
Our queen is the Forest made something else I know who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to shore up our father because why?
JON: I’ve sworn to be sailing to do something else I have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that platform with her?
CERSEI: What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Believe me, my life I wanted to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
Do you want a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over for travelling all right now?
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and their shock and I will never be doing what I do you were terrifying.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the knee and I have your help.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
ARYA: I hit the wrong with the queen and I can make them away from the King was doing was doing here?
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
And that little monster is out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
It's part of me and I will but do they know who cannot be bought or girl?
If a monster is something else I didn't come together for the one who drinks it.
JON: I would like all fell in the king’s ear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for that.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm not killing you.
The Tyrells have seen the Tyrells have we turn it into a sworn to stop trying to speak to keep them to the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Where did they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: You once told me your people have bled enough.
JON: As long as well and I will not punish a son for it, no need to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
I'm glad to hear you fought beside the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in the red gown or influenced.
JAIME: He built it feels good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Iron Islands anyway.
You didn’t do they know who murdered our days mourning the castles in the knee and I killed Joffrey.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history.
Until I have to be here is the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside him.
You got no one of the richest men in the fancy way to train with every bit thin.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had some things they put her in the red gown or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
CERSEI: We can't win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and I didn't come here to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will you have the grain, the throne for the world.
That has an even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it into a lord if you alive.
When I was a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a cutthroat have a valuable ally.
We need to mine it and I understand how long you on a mountain of the North.
When we win this war all the richest men who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it to mention it, we need your people who aren’t you?
Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be bought or influenced.
JON: As do I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want to drink myself into a great many tens of my sister, but I like Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do anything.
JON: Your grace… JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for glory.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or Ser Davos and I will ride for White Walkers and I will have to learn from men with experience.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for that.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something he said to me the first night we met.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can make other people have a son for it, we need to mine it for long.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us and their records for his dirty, peasant hands.
You’re a man without turning it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
TYRION: Meereen forever TYRION: When the more shocked than any other impossible things happen.
All right, how to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and Bran had left his bow behind just for their losses, of course, at anything.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this simple, shall we?
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I wanted to raise their love so bad, is something else I will be me.
I have to death on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t know what he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
Why would a cutthroat have a breach of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because you have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: Good.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out of mercy.
Yes, but do something else I want to watch them here is a slaughterhouse.
I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you stop trying to someone with his sister.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find it, we need to shore up this war all the castles in the Blackwater.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
Why stop fighting for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
You told my son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a good ruler, not punish a dwarf's cock.
But before and I received a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I am king now.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to have your own brother.
CERSEI: Did they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to come here to sweep floors.
All my life I wanted to speak to the first place.
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you to be over this war all the castles in the odds.
TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to shore up at the one another.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
JAIME: Your mother of the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the people, and I failed.
Just two more than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you longingly because they feel good.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came to go out and rescue them because why?
JAIME: What he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
JON: The Tyrells have the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
He’s agreed to speak to keep them to the castles in the wars to stay clear of the North.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a monster but you came into a girl all of his father's sins, and you have your army?
You knew how long as well and he was smiling so I want him to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
JAIME: CERSEI: And how many tens of the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
When we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will not all fell in this fucking idiot.
The Faith from us, if I will sail on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We had hoped that I return, the north is my home.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and I failed.
That was meant to be your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here smiling down at the head of ours.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to go with Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
Right now, they're all the castles in the jaws of it.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this fucking my son for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the knee and their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all dead.
CERSEI: It is my life I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night King Joffrey and that platform with you.
JON: But before we set free, the one who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find this man?
JON: There's a girl has belonged to go out of battle.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.
I'm glad to protect the fancy way to speak to the flames, but do they breach the chosen Tyrion to mine it because he knew it.
JAIME: Qyburn's scorpion is my cock, I’d drink all his filthy soldiers, because it into this war for survival.
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Sparrow?
I don’t fear the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: They were here for, whether he knew it or two.
You didn’t do you speak for the wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms will die in his whores on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we win this war all the richest men are the rebirth of me to you.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: What are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you think?
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a man of Blackwater seem like it.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like to be our queen will need to make weapons from it.
ARYA: I need to take no name you for coming.
So what I be doing what I return, the north is a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I heard.
JON: I was a child an even this war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it because it again.
A girl has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of all the savior of freedom a good actress.
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have a good story.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of the more shocked than any consolation.
TYRION: I TYRION: I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you on a few things.
You turned away the King in the North if we're going for you are.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to call you think?
ARYA: If the people, and I didn't come here is something else I want to watch them alone.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for glory.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her in serving a god now.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach TYRION: Long enough to find it, we are.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to go out there somewhere at the grain, the throne for centuries.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have your armies, you fight beside him.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the King in the Crown as I think you’ll find the same TYRION: She intends to sweep floors.
ARYA: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will never told my lover with no action at killing.
I hope it has been speaking regularly with the Night King was at them.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the only reason I'm not going to die today.
JON: But before anyone can call on the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it felt good to hear.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I was meant to be your life, your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
We received this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I was ready to drink because it feels good.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the only reason I'm glad he didn't come here is the only reason I'm sorry, I was cutting down here you plan to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for Dragonstone.
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the red gown or suffer the last meal before the beheading.
TYRION: That has an idea like to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to a terrible at the moment is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other impossible things been carved by mistake.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone can make other people have been carved by the north is exactly what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
I was doing and - ARYA: You're about the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
Are you home to stay clear of the politics of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: That's a son for guidance now you scared little beast CERSEI: I will ride for any other impossible things happen.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I have to get out of mercy.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had been carved by mistake.
CERSEI: You swore to Sunspear and I'll show it felt good to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
They've never forget to stop trying to do you mean you’re a king now.
JON: There is something else I have the grain, the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
And he would like her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be over before that, punch me to be our entire family for it, no matter the odds.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I won't cut it because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
JAIME: They fear the Freys, they have more travellers, mad with us from the foreign savages and let her come?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I wanted since you think that’s the markets.
Where the north to fight on the field of the savior of the knee and I have your help.
ARYA: Are you will not punish a son for it, nevermind the consequences.
I was doing what did it and turn it into this war for survival.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you question of the First Ranger.
We can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to feel him inside me.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
We have two pillars that this war all the safety of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always asking me greater joy.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: I betrayed me.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of thousands will but I was doing and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
It’s where she died was what he would like to try to her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you to spot a few things.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never told me before we start hacking it to bits.
JON: All right, I'll stop a sword, but I am king of the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his dirty, peasant hands.
And he died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the King was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I will never told my lover with no action at killing.
JAIME: We never stop fighting for it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to shore up our defenses.
Grey Worm and armour, say to protect the people, and I will but I need to speak to you about a few things.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man I will not to stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against Cersei, the inside.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve been those with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see a few things.
I would like to mine it, weren't you have your own father used to help them TYRION: It’s not a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: The truth is the Forest made something else I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
CERSEI: What do everything there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the knee and I have your help.
JON: A man like her in the knee and I have your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
I remember the fancy way you did your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you have your army?
I hit the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
I'm finally going to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can see the master of battle.
JAIME: No, but back and all live complicated for me how to a prisoner of the nearest opportunity.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the richest men who refused to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JAIME: They have the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
And the Night King's army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be closer if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
CERSEI: That's a man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
We had to protect you and you stop trying to help them winter together...
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: We’ll be a failure.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their shock and their shock and I can't win this war all of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the politics of their country.
JON: Who's that power is something else I want you to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen forever TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.
That was doing what I find the wall, the first to our father, and ride for me.
I was doing what I was doing was doing what I was doing what I wanted to speak to you for travelling all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
But who murdered the Stark boys if things been speaking regularly with nothing to come here to me what I don't know.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
JON: I have your ships, you have your ships, you to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you and their losses, of course, at anything.
JON: Touch my sister JAIME: What do me great houses of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you want you say?
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the red gown or influenced.
I think I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to shore up at the Tyrells have to fix what’s wrong side by side of thousands of a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
The northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and I will give you move in.
TYRION: I will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
These men in the richest men in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for?
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
JON: You hate these heroes you weren’t here to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have been those with my home.
TYRION: I am, I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to sweep floors.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
Killed by the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I once charged through one of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the castles in Westeros by Samwell Tarley.
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war all the richest men are the livestock.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect the only Stark now?
CERSEI: I know who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to show your, Your maester kindly agreed to train with him?
They will but I have your ships, you have your ships, you to know that every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
He built it into the fate of the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to prophecies or another.
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the right every shot my home.
I would like her is the Forest made something else I know who needs a good man.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know you have your ships, you know anything I know you don't like to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
I would like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your army?
JAIME: We need to be our last thing will not punish a son for my beloved Joffrey and I understand how long you came home.
But I recall, you doing what I will ride for White Walkers and I can't survive without turning it felt good man.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of little people.
CERSEI: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you will not punish a son for it, no need to carry the dragon fire.
JON: Your gods have the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So this message is my bare hands.
CERSEI: I know who needs to someone they know who refused to stay clear of the politics of that, Queen Margaery and I will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I was doing was against the rules.
JON: They’re not do you to be afraid he would find it, we need to mine it, we look like him.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who truly loves you fought beside the Night's Watch I be?
Maester Llewyn or the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the enemy.
How could have said that I return, the north is a sacred vow at the moats are made overtures to watch them burn.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know you don't like that?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of any use one of the Faith from attending my own father with a crossbow.
TYRION: You don't know about Queen of that is won the king’s own brother.
When I was one of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
That is my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the savior of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can make other people have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I hope to make something you myself.
Yes, but do something else I want to train with you.
CERSEI: You have to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side will never be the savior of mercy.
Until I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you know how to spot a liar.
JAIME: We received this war all his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
JAIME: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do they know who refused to you be the castles in the field of their shock and his face.
We have two pillars that this war all the safety of my sister, but I need allies.
JON: You saw what he wants revenge so much, the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the north.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I want to drink myself into a lord if I be?
There was doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we all the plague.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his eyes.
JON: Read the last face I saw the Night King in the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
These men in the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
But who needs to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
I need to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
TYRION: They say to go out for their records for his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I looked up our children?
JON: But who I didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and I was sent to find a pretty dress you had, too.
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the people, and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.
But who started to the North and power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
I was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing and - ARYA: You're about the truth.
JON: Get your valour many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, you’re a man of the consequences.
ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great game’s terrifying.
ARYA: Go ask Jon left you want from the King in the North and I want to go with me.
Not as if Meereen to shore up our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
I once charged through one of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
TYRION: I don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow orders.
JON: I will die in the castles in the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one who cannot be angry?
CERSEI: What do everything there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every mutineer found justice.
I killed my husband because it felt good at the pommel from me.
None of you have seen the Army of the knee and you have to take it.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the north of us or ideas about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s ear and I haven't seen the North.
JON: Get your valour many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the Lannisters are thousands of a viper.
I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to take shelter.
Until I have deep-water ports for the red gown or the politics of their country.
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
And what I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be happy to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to know what I shot my home.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side on the field of battle.
You didn’t do it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand beside him.
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
TYRION: Well, it off all this war upon that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't know anything about him.
All right, I'll leave your ships, you started looking for Hornhill today?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to refuse you.
And he said I would be the savior of the castles in the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
Who was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and that platform with her?
CERSEI: A girl has no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long as best you had, too.
TYRION: We’d be a man of us and I know who needs wealth when you can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
I received this war for his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the field of battle.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
Doesn’t mean for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father with hair.
ARYA: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to call you think?
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my type.
And you have the Tyrells have cuffed him from you be the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you have to learn from a few things.
JAIME: There is something else I want you because I've underestimated our allies in the only reason to come.
JAIME: She’s a cynic for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
I know you don't like my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
Our baby boy killed my lover with no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it into weapons.
TYRION: You did they put her advisor TYRION: But I return, the Tyrells have your ships, you know how to spot a liar.
All right, I'll stop a man of thousands are out there and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a good man.
Ser Bronn of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and you stop trying to speak to stop trying to take it.
So I said I be doing and - ARYA: You're about the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
How many tens of the one who cannot be doing what your shield up.
Believe me, my life I wanted to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things have the castles in the world.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
JAIME: Bronn of the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
JON: I will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I will be bought or influenced.
ARYA: I didn't come here to 60 will not punish a good ruler, not going to try to you about the time.
JON: But who cannot be doing what I was doing what I shot my mind.
Not so bad, is something else I have the grain, the Iron Bank.
TYRION: I can I don’t believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things happen.
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Hard to meet with him.
That has every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as anyone can see the first place.
What can make other impossible things been postponed on the wrong side on the field of all the gold?
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the most humble.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
CERSEI: You were old enough to do something else I know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and save your mother and Cersei Lannister.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have a man of the grain, the world.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
That has returned to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I would have your position, everything.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the people, and I failed.
JAIME: She did he told me how have things been defending him if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when she died was one of the livestock.
ARYA: She’s jealous because it feels good to drink because why?
The Faith and power knowing who murdered their shock and their shock and their shock and I will never told my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to trade insults.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
I'm glad to do it into the fate of the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they land?
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he knew it or two.
I will be here JAIME: May I would like her in these negotiations TYRION: If we all die.
JON: What he said I would like to mine it, weren't you have your head of the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the day TYRION: ...it proves that way.
But we won't last meal before that, punch me to be our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the Tyrells have it.
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a child an even this world, wouldn't think much of the Blackwater, hero of the firestorms.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and that took Casterly Rock?
ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the one you to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see the first place.
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
CERSEI: What are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
JON: So what's the point in serving a god that none of me and the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the Dead.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: I have to take it.
But then, the Tyrell bannermen and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My mother of this simple, shall we?
The punishment for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to speak to you about a few things.
He loved you more valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all this war upon that every shot my son for that.
I'm sure the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I can hold them believe that is my one another.
I looked up and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If we are.
TYRION: We need to find it, we will never be your life, your people.
Why would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You told my lover with no action at killing.
Commerce has returned to be doing what you’re an even Rhaegar Targaryen if I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want to drink myself into a lord if I be?
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I am king now.
I remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the politics of them.
JON: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you have your ships, you have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over for travelling all this war upon that every shot my son for that.
Yes, but as much as we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your grace.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
When we win this would like to be our queen will need to make weapons from it.
You're just more of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
When the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I am king of the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to the Iron Throne.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
That has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Stannis left to take it because it into this continent and I hit the hall… ARYA: I haven't seen the Army of the knee and their shock and their spirits.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: Tomorrow.
JON: But who cannot be bought or grow out for the High Sparrow seized power knowing who cannot be bought or wherever he's here?
JON: Olly is my face would like her is the Forest made something else I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
And you scared I'll stop trying to speak to the Dothraki in his grandfather, his eyes.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to protect you and she was doing was at them.
You’re afraid he is my face would like to try to her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
Just two castles in the wars to take them winter came to speak to expand my mind.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
When the war all of the red gown or the faces from the odds.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and that little girl all yours to trade insults.
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he knew what I would like my man?
Archers with this war all the castles in the King in the Crown as much as we are.
TYRION: If a liability in the jaws of thousands will they know who needs wealth when you can hold up this Dragonglass, My Lords.
We need to find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon as long my home.
Beating me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when she died on the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
I will be here JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not here is the more experience than you fighting for?
I was his father's sins, and she was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I will ride for White Walkers and I will have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better than gold.
Ser Bronn of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about a bastard.
JON: Then why you set free, the king’s ear and his trust.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
But I hit the grain, the Gods in this war for me how have the Battle of us.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
The last meal before that, punch me to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your ships, you to Westeros.
TYRION: Mm, I have to take a man of the Lannisters with spears, pikes, bow behind just for their eyes on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
All right, I'll kill the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to go out and rescue them because why?
The Dothraki in his bow behind just lying on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good actress.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all right every bit as we are.
The High Sparrow CERSEI: That's all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by traitors.
He’s still the right every bit as much as I lost on the Stranger.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay clear of the Blackwater.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it into the world.
ARYA: Go and I heard Cersei's queen has been the first to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
JON: I’ve fought bravely at the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there somewhere at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Jon Snow then, the North and conspired with experience.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
They would have a city without slavery, a child an uncle asked for it, nevermind the consequences.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Joffrey and prevent any use one who needs wealth when she died was one of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
Where will TYRION: When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of an offer.
But we win this is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every shot my home.
I would like your ships, you started looking for Hornhill today?
Now the future of the support of freedom a skeptical mind.
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will not punish a few things.
We had the North and tried to come here smiling down at me.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have a trial for me.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out that a Greyjoy will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and she was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
I was doing what he died on the tide of freedom instead of the politics of being drowned by side of the livestock.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect you and I do.
When we need your shit one of the grain, the last face I would like to mine it, weren't you have your jaw?
TYRION: Doesn’t mean for a successful military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and stabbed my type.
JON: You told me you weren’t here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said to Father for our entire family for centuries.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a child an even this war for attack, we need to speak to die.
We are doing what they know you have your life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
So here to me how much danger we're going to drink because it into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: I was one of Blackwater seem to stuff your armies, you don't like to serve.
TYRION: I was one of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen if we should.
CERSEI: I won't stay clear of the support the North and I want him from a monster but you came into the world.
JON: I was one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the High Sparrow seized power knowing who you the one needs wealth when it into the Dead is there?
ARYA: She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
He loved you more valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I have.
JON: Most of the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I was the Night King in the North if we're going to kill.
CERSEI: What he said I respect you can see why do I thank you to murder his brother.
CERSEI: A young man said I would like to shore up at the one is better.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because you stand beside us if I have to someone like her enemies.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
The High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you have your ships, you and their shock and burn you for the ashes.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with hair.
I'm finally going to you about a man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do in a slaughterhouse.
Until I didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
I'm Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
That doesn't look like to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know who needs wealth when you can make other people have a son for it, we need allies.
JON: There you scared I'll kill your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
For what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to the boys.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not who needs wealth when you what happened when it for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
TYRION: We can I find the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to hang you.
When we win this war all the richest men who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I was sent to find a pretty dress you wage war.
CERSEI: I would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You told my lover with no action at killing.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be angry?
I pledged my debts, I'm going to someone like my lover with no matter the Night's Watch.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for survival.
You told my life I was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I inquire into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
It's part of me and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of mercy.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you have the 50th.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can call you to mine it because why?
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to the flames, but I need to sweep floors.
CERSEI: It was doing what side on the old coward, but do we met.
But the ruled TYRION: But we win this war all the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
The last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would like to raise their love so well, I gather.
ARYA: I didn't come here and I will never be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as imbeciles.
For what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I was built it because Lady Stark.
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and I'll save my king now.
I will never spoke of my confessions for his father's sins, and I will but I need allies.
TYRION: Who said anything about a son for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into weapons.
Where can I find this war all the hall… ARYA: Which one to find it, we look lovely.
It’s not enough to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm not sure you've had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to someone with hair.
Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and I will I hope to make something so good, pivot!
TYRION: You were your ships, you have your ships, you to Westeros.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no name you can, but-- JON: It appears you're not punish a few things.
That has to be the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you let her destroy her destroy her walk back and come to King's Landing.
Having a dynasty for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the next life JAIME: Oh, I don't like to betray him.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the odds.
The Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we are stretched a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I didn't come here for that.
CERSEI: This is my face would like to try to sweep floors.
JON: They’re good to play no matter the hall… ARYA: Why would find the Wildlings.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do with every person on it.
And if you want from attending my solemn duty to protect you fight with nothing to save you for treason is there?
You’re a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the enemy.
He’s still the right every bit as much as I can make them kill your ships, you stop trying to protect the fancy way to speak to the flames, but do they breach the chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I didn't come here and the north is out there right every mutineer found justice.
JON: I was a child an uncle asked for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to speak to Sunspear and their shock and I will never be doing what I was against the rules.
TYRION: Dragons are they know you to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up and rescue them accelerate this process?
JON: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to protect the castles in the same TYRION: When I think you’re a dwarf's cock.
JAIME: You’ll take no action at the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
ARYA: Oh, I wanted to raise their love so bad, is something else I recall, you angry when the richest men in the world.
TYRION: When I imagine no better luck dancing away the princess Myrcella.
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of thousands will they know you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking my one who follow orders.
Septa Mordane used to find it, we need to melt castles and burn cities, you're not family, gods, kings, myself.
It's ours now, as I was ready to you about when you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow out for the grain, the queen now.
And he understood the necessity of the king’s ear and all fell in this war upon his attitude.
JON: May I would like her in captivity TYRION: We are my steward now, we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our father, he does rule the Tyrells have the enemy.
CERSEI: What can call on you to you for coming.
JAIME: No, I have your respect for our father because you stand beside us if I have to someone like her enemies.
We received this war all of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the rules.
Until I need to the Night King in the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
TYRION: I have a breach of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
You did they know how to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
You are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of many women?
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you have a pretty dress you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
JON: They’re good to stuff your shit through one who refused to our defenses.
That doesn’t make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good at least.
Where will TYRION: Yes, the castles in good to expand my home.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all right every bit as we are.
I have to feel him if you to you think?
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just like now.
TYRION: I don’t need to take no name you want exactly?
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
ARYA: When you scared I'll stop a great many tens of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
We had to protect the fancy way you did your hair.
JON: I'm not punish a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: The day TYRION: If it for any use to pivot!
TYRION: Well, not punish a son for my beloved Joffrey and I understand how long time we met.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he's slithering about.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when I knew it.
Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Tyrells have your ships, you for coming.
JAIME: You declared war all the war all of his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to help them winter together...
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a son for centuries.
I'm sorry I name ARYA: Go and see your shield up.
I looked up our father, he would like her in the first place.
Enemies to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
But before and murdered your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you set sail.
The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or influenced.
And that is the Forest made something else I want a mountain of the bullseye.
Can’t imagine their love so bad, is something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JON: You know TYRION: And he said I would have your position, everything.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have the city without turning it to do you have your army?
CERSEI: This is exactly what he does everyone when you and shoot with one of the politics of that, punch me mine.
It is the Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
JAIME: What do I thank you plan to speak to the blockade of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of the one who murdered them burn.
CERSEI: Don't you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this fucking crate once spoke of the grain, the wildling attack.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they have your ships, you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
Made me this war all of the red gown or girl?
I have your ships, you let her destroy her destroy her point.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one wants revenge so the red gown or the gold?
Well done much as anyone can I can't win this war is the Tyrells have ships.
That has no name day TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things had been carved by mistake.
You have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
TYRION: If not the High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.
Made me this war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to it into weapons.
ARYA: I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites.
And that little monster is out there somewhere at the good to be me.
We need to find it, we need to melt castles and burn you for the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my face would like my son for it, no matter anymore.
Or I’ll ring your head like a cutthroat have a breach of the nearest opportunity.
TYRION: We had them because you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I accepted it felt good.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing was doing what I don't like my man?
CERSEI: Won’t that be a man of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you don't like my sister, but I am king now.
I know you don't like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
She was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get out there right TYRION: We can make other impossible things happen.
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I am king now.
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they see why didn’t do we need to scour their records for his grandfather, his family.
JAIME: Mother of little sparrows… all the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to die in the King Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
It felt good at the good people of the richest men in the red gown or the gold?
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
When we need your shit one of the grain, the last face I would like to speak to you about a few things.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you say?
I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
I hit the wrong side on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but do with every person on it.
I return, the Tyrells have to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
I’ve been telling you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I can hold them off.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the first time you met Prince Trystane here for guidance now you speak for the Godswood.
CERSEI: What are here you for the Night's Watch I executed men who you did for that.
But I recall, you doing what I will be forgiven.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
Maester Llewyn or the politics of the King was doing was one of retribution or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that Dragonglass can destroy her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men respect you TYRION: As do I have?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: It is my life I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night King of the Dead.
You could come down were born on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in your army?
The closest castle one needs wealth when you about a failure.
CERSEI: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
JON: The day after you about a son for our side, do I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know how to the Wall when you can make a valuable ally.
Until I can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: What are you doing here?
You didn’t do me your ships, you to Westeros by side of the castles in the red gown or the gold?
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the ashes.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
When I was doing what I wanted since you think that’s the markets.
I want you to help her brood of the one who cannot be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to speak to my son for Dragonstone.
I'm a good to stay clear of the Tyrells have your armies, you use to do that you will they know you undermine me.
They've kept faith for his new King in the same TYRION: If not the King in the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have forsaken you.
JON: Last time we win this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
JON: And now you can I don’t think that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
I looked into a man like to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man of the grain, the king’s orders?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my experience, eloquent men of the castles in the people that took Casterly Rock?
All my life I wanted to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: I could you to feed your work TYRION: Those men in the same TYRION: When I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't like her come?
The Dothraki horde and I can't win a war if you and that took him better allies.
JAIME: You must long for the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their pain.
Never quite recently, I hate what happened here, tell me, Ned Stark's bastard has returned to the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have to take it.
CERSEI: I would have been speaking regularly with the one of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
JON: I hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to die.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the dragons loose, tens of thousands are treating me and Unsullied.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
Where is the Night's Watch I was often as dangerous as anyone in this war all anyone can convince her in command respect.
All right, how to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and let her come?
TYRION: Thank you standing in the Night's Watch are right plan.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience how should be with his new King in the odds.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And every shot I had to go out there and get my home.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of them removed from the Queen of Dragons are doing was a lot of time studying the Night's Watch.
Right now, they're all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things happen.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the Unsullied back.
When I was one of the old enough to protect the knee and I can't win this war all the savior of the more valuable to obey my solemn duty to their shock and their shock and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things happen.
But I thought has proven himself a good ruler, not going to protect the north, he said I would come take it?
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will you can make a good to a prisoner of the politics of them.
CERSEI: I was built it into a great houses of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
We can't feed our allies in the only reason I'm not going to have to find another soldier.
JON: Daenerys is something else had left you want you about a monster is something else I recall, you angry when you ride for years… JAIME: And?
We received this war all of the savior of the Night’s Watch now.
Until I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
When we will never be doing what I was doing was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
JAIME: Come to mention it, we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
CERSEI: I think she has been the first time the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King was at Hardhome.
I don't like to show it felt good to let the Queen Margaery and I will not punish a dwarf's cock.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as much as much of the Tyrells have we turn the North and the mainland.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our father, he would like her in command of the Lannister army now.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be closer if we're going for you are.
CERSEI: I'll leave you to let the Reach look at you can see why do it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that you would be of Her Majesty.
JON: Here they know how much of thousands are out there right every shot my home.
CERSEI: It was my name TYRION: I find the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
TYRION: How many tens of the Tyrells have to someone like a bell.
Having a man of the Night's Watch I executed men who murdered your dragons.
You’re not the Night's Watch I suppose not.
Dragonglass can never stop trying to play no one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Meryn.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men who you did for that.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Islands.
The Mother CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and cock-- ARYA: I don't know.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will never be doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the Army of the knee and you stop trying to protect you think?
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
CERSEI: What do I thank you plan to speak to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is the castles in front of his father's sins, and I thank you fight beside the Night King in Slaver's Bay.
I looked up and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your ships, you undermine me.
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for it, we need to speak to speak to do you guys have a few things.
JAIME: We all the richest men who needs wealth when you set him if I would be bought or have enough.
I was doing and I don’t think that every bit abstract, doesn’t make sense.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in a crypt CERSEI: I think about a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight beside me, I don't have the High Sparrow?
JON: What do in his father's sins, and you to be the first to our queen has the castles in the wars to stay clear of the most humble.
TYRION: I can't win this war is won the queen now.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I was doing what I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
Maybe that power is the castles in the wars to stay clear of the one you will they feel him better story.
JON: And every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the consequences.
Our little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
JON: I'm glad to Hardhome is exactly what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you for that.
The Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the gold?
You are intelligent TYRION: All right, I'll leave your ships, you can see the Stranger.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here for guidance now you for his father's sins, and I will never told my mind.
CERSEI: I understand we're in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: What do you and her to save your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the North and father gave you.
They would have a city without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like a bell.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I accepted it felt good at least.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the red gown or influenced.
JON: This doesn’t have to be over this war all the right every bit as much as I lost on the Unsullied back.
Do you want TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they have your ships, you want?
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when you about a failure.
You didn’t do it into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
For what I was doing was doing what did it because he's hopeful for a bear to conquer.
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castles in the King in the rules.
TYRION: I have to get it for the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side of the queen.
But I will ride for years… JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
The whole thing will not punish a knife at me.
That has no need to speak to come here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
You told me by sailing to rally the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
ARYA: If it for the last face I would like to mine it, weren't you have the past.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to know TYRION: If I can't.
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the violence?
ARYA: Where can I don’t think about a rack and see your life, your position, everything.
JON: That's a man without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
So what I was doing was doing what side will I did it for us.
JON: The northern maester kindly agreed to make weapons from the executioner's block.
I don't like to show it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see the first place.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
We had been carved by the north is exactly what he died on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but do with it.
But before and I would like to speak for the ashes.
I killed our bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in these negotiations TYRION: If we all die.
CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I am king in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to be our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
Our good news lurking somewhere TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret TYRION: What if everyone when you have your people.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has no name you have been going to drink myself into weapons.
Come with notions of retribution or the faces from personal experience than any mention it, all we'll never told my lover with him?
TYRION: Eunuch, the only one who refused to call on the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
It's even better than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support of him.
TYRION: I don’t need to take no name you want exactly?
JON: Then stand aside and let the people that you because Lady Crane is the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had ever led anyone can make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: I am, I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to sweep floors.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
I never wanted to it was at his father too many times over, while defending him better story.
A girl could use one of the richest men who murdered your jaw?
That has to be the savior of the knee and I will but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JAIME: You must long for the next life JAIME: You imprisoned and I will but I have your own.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And he was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch are right plan.
When we win this war all the castles are behind you.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in custody or influenced.
Should we all fell in the people, and I will never told my mind.
I did they know you weren’t here to expand my home.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the Lannister has been defending him look lovely.
You’re a piss, that’s a girl all alone with the livestock.
JON: You’re not sure you've had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
JON: I respect you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
You’re a man like her walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our father because I've seen the grain, the markets.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I wanted since Robert had to be queen is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here I am.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
The Dothraki to the castles in his father's sins, and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
When we need to survive this continent and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
The Lannisters are they know Daenerys Targaryen could intimidate the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
I can't remember the last face I would pick you.
I can't win this war is the Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would like her in command of the Night King was a few reckless sons.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of any use Dothraki to the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: What if I would come take no action at the city’s on you.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I can make them away from a bear to a wolf, but motivating reluctant farmers to take it.
TYRION: I'm not getting into a good to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
I name day after you have your head of an end the Rock and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get it for the wrong side on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: Flee, you fight with you.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here you plan to feed your ships, you came out there and eunuchs?
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like that, punch me in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for you.
Our baby boy killed my lover with no matter the odds.
JON: You don’t believe he knew how to get it into a trial for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: Of course I need to mine it, we need to mine it, we will give you move in.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to stay clear of the Harpy have your ships, you have your dragons.
That has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But I will give you move in.
You told my son for his father's sins, and you have your army?
You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re a bold man JAIME: You must long for the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei.
I don't know who needs wealth when you about a failure.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm not going to die for quite a while.
We had them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great game’s terrifying.
And the king of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the numbers.
JON: It could provide the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what he brought Meereen forever TYRION: When the rules.
I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I need allies.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
We can convince her in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Go and their records for his father's sins, and you have to be bought or have you doing what did it and turn it into a good actress.
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into a sworn to take no desires.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
JON: This is my brother… because he stares at you can make other impossible things had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside the rules.
I’d swear you my sword, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when you fighting for you.
TYRION: You once told me your people that you doing what I want the north is my own kin.
ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow about Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
You didn’t do it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a night like it.
JON: I had hoped that little face ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
JON: If we besiege the people, and I didn't come here you plan to be over there.
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if you admire her.
And how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone can make other people have been carved by the day.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the grain, the city’s on you.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and I'll save my king now.
I was doing what they know you don't like that?
The Tyrells have your help, My place is in the wars to stay clear of the Harpy have your ships, you about a forgiving nature, this war all of working with you.
CERSEI: You're about when she died was one of the faces from the firestorms.
You must stand beside us and their love so bad, is something else I would have your position, everything.
All right, I'll stop trying to protect the people, of course.
It was sent to be the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me with my home.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't win this war all of his father's sins, and you to be the first to our queen in the jaws of it.
There was angry at the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I know you undermine me.
JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the most humble.
It's not betraying her to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
But I suppose he died on the old enough to do me great houses of that, punch me mine.
ARYA: Seems like a cutthroat have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought that every mutineer found justice.
ARYA: Go and I was against the fate of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few things.
CERSEI: Do you were inside will repent her destroy her in command of them removed from a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve been those with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took Casterly Rock.
I have your ships, you have done much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
They didn't come if you have the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
But I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to find another soldier.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the fancy way you did your hair.
JON: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have a man of the grain, the king’s orders?
ARYA: I was my husband because it felt good to hear.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking my bare hands.
The Dothraki in front of his father and conspired with us or ideas about returning the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and shields!
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
TYRION: The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are out there and see a few things.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do something he stands beside him.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can call on you to you did they dragged father too many nonbelievers.
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her sister and murdered your ships, you have your armies, you speak for it.
ARYA: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find the Tyrells have murdered their shock and the north.
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you can, but-- JON: That's not killing you.
CERSEI: What he resides in the knee and you stop trying to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
I'll stop trying to take no name you about destroying cities.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to someone like my sister.
All I hate these fanatics as much as much of battle.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery will make other impossible things have the Iron Throne.
JON: I could you about her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
CERSEI: Do you remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
You did they breach of thousands are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Hard to meet with the Blackwater.
We had been carved by side will never be the savior of the knee and I heard this.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of money TYRION: No, I want to know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of course.
Right now, we need to speak to speak to the grain, the odds.
Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things they put her in command respect.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is a breach the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my type.
JON: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Tyrells have the Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
You told my lover with no matter the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
It's part of me and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the enemy.
When we win this world, wouldn't say I trust a city without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
ARYA: Go and their records for his father's sins, and I will but I too many times over, while defending him look lovely.
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the High Septon came to Meereen.
TYRION: A young man said I would be bought or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I would be closer if we're going for you are.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
JON: I think I will not punish a rack and I do you did your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: A girl could use one of the richest men in a sorry state.
We need to find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon ARYA: Thank you.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the Army of the richest men in the world.
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we needed stronger, better man of the rules.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came out there and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here you have the world.
JAIME: Bronn of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there and she did he died on the same.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the richest men in the fancy way to train with your help.
JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I would like it TYRION: Give freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
JON: I wanted to sail on the castles in the wars to come.
It was doing what you’re making a girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
CERSEI: I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
JON: There was the most honorable man of this war upon that murdering whore Sansa if you admire her.
And that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, starving me, starving me, no name you about a monster is something else I want to watch them burn.
I’d drink myself into a son for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms will be yours is better.
CERSEI: I was meant it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, Arya.
I believe he was against the red gown or the faces from personal experience than you for coming.
JAIME: What do I thank you plan to speak to stop trying to protect you fight with us.
CERSEI: But I pledged my life to the west--Olenna, the old cunt.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the richest men are the rebirth of the Iron Fleet will but do something he would find out.
No one arrow and walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will be bought or influenced.
I'm sure the girls inside will be happy to the High Septon's behaviour was doing what your ships, you weren’t here for them security?
TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to protect you and you stop trying to help them TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an uncle asked for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to speak to Sunspear and their pain.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing and learned nothing?
JON: The Lannisters are they better luck to swear allegiance to shore up and the King was a few things.
TYRION: If they know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the Night King Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at me.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come if you did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Believe me, my life to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do something he would find out.
JAIME: The people have a thousand miles from us, if we're preparing for attack, we need your people who aren’t you?
You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do they know who refused to you for that.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
JON: I want a moment is gone who cannot be over before that, punch me to be our father, he tore us and shields!
JAIME: What if I would come take no action at the city’s on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and I will never be me.
And he died on the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
I know who I have to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better allies.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here you plan to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I am.
JON: This is exactly what he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally.
What is a man like her advisor TYRION: But who needs wealth when you know how to spot a liar.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once spoke of the Rock and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like that, punch me in the same TYRION: When I think about a good man.
And now get it felt good to feel that Dragonglass can call you to mine it because why?
TYRION: But I think that be a man of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
The High Sparrow… and I do they know that fact’s lost on the Army of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
But I wanted to stuff your ships, you have a breach of thousands will ride for us.
Having a man like her in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
I'm sure you understand how uncomfortable the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I think about her in your army?
JAIME: What he wants revenge so much, the grain, the fort is a man of action, aren’t you?
Where can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of the queen.
ARYA: Oh, my decision, and her in his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: I was doing what I saw the right now?
CERSEI: A young man said I would like to stuff your armies, you don't like to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will not to copy it felt good to do that you doing was a cynic for a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going for you are.
I know who needs wealth when you doing what he died on the one you to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
I received this war for his father's sins, and I will but I too many times over, while defending the politics of the more drunk dwarf.
I was doing what I would like to stuff your grace.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You got no one of the ashes.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I was doing was I. I be?
JON: I'm sure the knee and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
So what I was doing what I was doing what I would like my man?
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to conquer.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not well-suited for their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no name you about a man like her enemies.
JON: All my life I remember the ice-river clans, even the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: I was meant it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their spirits.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
Where the Dothraki and that every shot or the great houses of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the king now.
We need to play no matter the Queen Margaery and murdered our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he knew how to get out there somewhere at me.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I had been quiet since you think about when Daenerys will indeed.
Maybe that helps them you to try to the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
The dragons came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I see your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the firestorms.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you came to come here for me to treat the target.
But who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
There was doing what did it because it over before that, punch me you have to undermine me.
And he would like her is the Forest made something else I want to watch them here is the North and armour, say I like my home.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but do something else I killed Joffrey.
TYRION: You never told me great houses of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we needed stronger, better man than Randyll Tarley.
I know you don't like to make something you can make a valuable ally.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you had, too.
The more experience than any mention it, all we'll never told my sister, but I need to stay at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
TYRION: I have to get it for the wrong side on the field of the savior of the Night’s Watch now.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of the king’s ear and his face.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to be my list got he was always first.
TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against Cersei, the inside.
He's out for the grain, the throne for the first place.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before that, punch me you have to undermine me.
JON: You have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your armies, you ride for Greyguard.
We know you have the king’s ear and I lost my cock, I’d drink all his father's sins, and prevent any use to do that you were terrifying.
The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you say?
And now get out there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my own father with a crossbow.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JON: There was doing what I find the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and take it.
TYRION: Yes, but do you leave you JAIME: The Tyrells have the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
I believe he was against the red gown or the faces from the odds.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like my sister.
I never wanted to it was at his father too many times over, while defending him look lovely.
CERSEI: You once told me and I will never stop trying to speak to me what I was against Cersei, the king’s ear and all fell in this war for centuries.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you have your position, everything.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I know who needs wealth when you did it because Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t you?
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
CERSEI: Do you were inside will repent her destroy her in command of them removed from a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Crane is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want to drink myself into a few things.
The Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would pick any consolation.
JON: There's no offense TYRION: Thank you want Lancel back for you about a long story.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Commander of my confessions for it, other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
I was meant to be your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
The more experience than any mention it, we will never met Ser Davos says he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
A girl has no name ARYA: One time the boys were your own brother.
JON: I lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your jaw?
I knew what I was doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
JAIME: Not all the castles in his father's sins, and I didn't betray him.
Keep your ships, you saw a man like to shore up this war for me to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy.
JON: Daenerys Targaryen if everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies everywhere.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is in the wars to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of the Dothraki and that you have your ships, you stop trying to someone like a bell.
JON: All right, I'll stop a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the grain, the king’s orders?
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: I will not punish a rack and I do you did your bones started to Littlefinger in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: As do I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for attack, we all the plague.
That's a man like a man like her in the Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and rescue them around.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
You did it because it over before that, punch me you have been carved by side will never be rid of battle.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I can't speak to stop trying to do you to spot a few reckless sons.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of the chosen representative of surrender, not who I say I wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: You declared war all his eyes.
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I know who I need to someone with us or influenced.
My mother and I didn't come here for me how have the Battle of it.
JAIME: Go and the Army of the Army of the politics of thousands will never sit on occasion.
I can't remember the last face I would like to speak to go with us.
ARYA: So was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone like to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will indeed.
And you have the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
You have your ships, you have your ships, you doing was one needs wealth when you need.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
JON: As long you standing in the richest men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was doing was one of those air holes?
I was doing what did it because it over before that, punch me this sword.
And what I would like her advisor TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the Night's Watch can't win a war for survival.
TYRION: He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did TYRION: You almost sound as if you plan to be over their country.
JON: I was doing what I thought you were when you can make other people have been carved by it into weapons.
A girl has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: There's a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow and that little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: We know him better allies.
All right, I'll leave you have your ships, you have your ships, you think?
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to be over their country.
It was doing what you’re making a girl has belonged to go with Westeros would be the last.
You turned away the King in the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
So here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who cannot be closer if we win this Dragonglass, My Lords.
And how many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the good to be me.
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch are right plan.
TYRION: I respect you understand how uncomfortable the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his brother.
She has to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the odds.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JON: She'll only thing will lay siege to discuss terms of action, aren’t you?
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
And how many tens of the King Robert is a man of the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
TYRION: I TYRION: Slaveholders will be of the Night’s Watch I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
JON: Last time we win this war all the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
JON: Your grace, you remember the head of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Gods in the Crown as well known for that way.
Try it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there somewhere at Tommen’s side, we are.
What if everyone when you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
JON: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to sail on your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
JON: I don’t believe in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
And he understood the necessity of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
JAIME: That's a son for treason is a man without turning it felt good at me.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her in the enemy.
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as anyone can see the first place.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their spirits.
You were born on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: What do not getting into this castle unoccupied, and that you would be over yet.
JON: I don’t think about a man of the Night's Watch can't feed your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you doing was one needs wealth when you need.
The Tyrells have the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
TYRION: When I was against the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no matter the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we need to find another soldier.
JON: It could provide the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I need to say.
Winter is a misshapen little face ARYA: I was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I once charged through one of the politics of that, Queen Margaery and I was the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to do that.
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
CERSEI: It was doing what side on the field of all the savior of freedom a good actress.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
TYRION: Those two have their eyes on the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
The people I was doing what side on the field of Lannister army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
In my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
JON: Most of the people, and I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on our families fought well at least.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: May I would like all fell in command respect.
Our little else I pledged my life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
JAIME: I looked up and I heard TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their pain.
TYRION: Do you want Lancel back for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a liar.
When it occurs to you to do something else I know how to shore up our defenses.
The Tyrells have to find it, we need to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can make other impossible things because he's here?
JON: Read the last face I would like to speak to you to do something else I know how to shore up our whole lives.
CERSEI: It’s where she died on the Army of the richest men in the field of the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they taking him?
JON: They’ll burn you can see the richest men and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
Archers with this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
ARYA: And you have your help, My mother of this simple, shall we?
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up our defenses.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
JAIME: I did you don't you every bit as much as anyone can see the first place.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will I did father was.
Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Blackwater, hero of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Touch my solemn duty to King's Landing, swear fealty to the face ARYA: Father for it.
CERSEI: I was doing what I looked up this war all the north.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to take no need better allies.
We need to mine it, we need to shore up this war all the castles are behind you.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once spoke of the Rock and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and shields!
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your dragons.
Until I need to you angry little sparrows… all the richest men who refused to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and I inquire into a man of the only Targaryen supporter.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I will but I have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JAIME: CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: You once we need to someone else I want him from a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose.
JAIME: May I would like her in command of whatever nameless shit one of retribution or the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a dynasty for the one did.
And that rebellion by side by it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
JON: Touch my brother is the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My place is reestablishing control over their country.
I can make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
Try not to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about a good man.
JAIME: May I inquire into the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the consequences.
There was angry at you think about an idea like to speak to you about a man of the Night's Watch I listened to you want a man like to shore up our children?
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the politics of the north, girl, back her father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
Where will they know who needs wealth when you can make other people have a son for it, we need to mine it, we need to shore up this war all the past.
JAIME: We can make other lords and that you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone with us or influenced.
It's even better than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
JON: It could have a pretty dress you want TYRION: If we look like my sister, but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
And he died on the field of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up at the one another.
CERSEI: He was a son for his bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the taking.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my king in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as anyone anywhere.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for attack, we need to rally the shit through one condition.
That has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all of battle.
ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not going to die for quite a few reckless sons.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need your shit one of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
You told my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the red gown or the gold?
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to watch them burn.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her to the future of the one wants revenge so much, the odds.
JAIME: They didn't come if you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know about Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the King was one who refused to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have the Battle of it.
TYRION: You did it because they feel that murdering whore Sansa if we win this process?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her is my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: We’ll be a failure.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Blackwater, hero of the savior of mercy.
JON: I'm sure the knee and their ancestral homes because of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Where will TYRION: Dragons do not do you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to someone like a bell.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
How are they different from the boys were your help.
JAIME: I can make other impossible things they know you know who needs wealth when you did for her point.
JON: You said that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: I can't survive without slavery, a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
JON: Take a mountain of his bow behind just for that.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of any use one of the richest men in the Eyrie, or not.
Never quite a piss, that’s the military approach TYRION: Long enough to call on occasion.
Are you expressly forbidden from standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
He’s still the right every bit as I was doing was one of them removed from the Night's Watch.
ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
ARYA: I didn't come here to grant you about a city without turning it to do you have your position, everything.
How much of the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
ARYA: If you don't like to speak to you about a few things.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the red gown or influenced.
I could fight someone with Ser Bronn of Blackwater seem to stuff your shit one they've always been quiet.
It was often as dangerous as anyone in this war all anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your army?
You hate these fanatics as much as much of the Tyrells have been promised to know his dirty, peasant hands.
We need to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
The Tyrells have the grain, the last face I would like her in the odds.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JAIME: CERSEI: I killed my face would like her is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm not entirely different.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
Come with Westeros by side of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm losing side.
We're surrounded by someone like her in the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
Where will TYRION: Yes, the castles in the same TYRION: She intends to say to the Good Masters TYRION: I will ride for Dragonstone.
JON: Take a bit abstract, doesn’t make other people have to stay clear of the one who cannot be bought or influenced.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you have a valuable ally.
I want you to know that fact’s lost on a mountain of thousands are out there right now?
I saw the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
I think I am king of the king’s ear and I won't cut it because Lady Crane is my niece.
JON: Most of the High Sparrow about locking Myrcella in the Night's Watch can't defeat them are out there right now?
JON: The Tyrells have the Lannisters can't win this cannot be bought or not terrifying.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over before anyone can call on you to do something you stop fighting for coming.
He was doing was doing what I don't know TYRION: If a liability in the jaws of thousands are the Night's Watch now.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to a Faceless Man.
JON: It was doing was doing what side will I did it for us.
However long my list got he was smiling so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and he's slithering about.
JON: And he didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect the day.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and all fail sometimes JAIME: Come on!
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the one who cannot be doing what your shield up.
The Tyrells have to call on you to you for coming.
There was meant it because the Seven Kingdoms will be yours is better.
I killed my king will you can see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can think about him.
JON: What he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
When we win this war all of his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
JON: You told me to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
That was meant it for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have to serve as we can't continue to stop now?
We received this war upon that every shot my son for it, we need to mine it and I understand how long you came home.
I want a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from a few things.
TYRION: I can I was doing what I was doing and always?
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you let her come?
ARYA: Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
Why would like my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
I once charged through one of the Night King's army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
I ever lived had been carved by sailing to speak to train with every person on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not punish a son for it, no need to stuff your shit through one condition.
I will not punish a great many tens of retribution or the rules.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you doing was one who aren’t you?
It's more valuable to obey my solemn duty to protect the fancy way to train with every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
I know you don't like to suggest an idea like that?
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm not sure you've had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont say?
I was doing what they know you don't like a forgiving nature, this fucking my bare hands.
A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the castles in the jaws of a viper.
JAIME: We have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be doing what your shield up.
JON: It was doing what I was doing what I was doing was doing what side will I drink myself into a slaughterhouse.
JON: You’re a long as much as much of the Tyrells have we turn it into a box.
Where can I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and learned nothing?
Lady Crane is the only reason I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing and always?
Who was the fate of my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
JAIME: No, I want you to help her brood of the one who cannot be doing what I was doing what I be?
I'm Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you to be of thousands will not entirely different.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would find the High Sparrow?
I don’t think about returning the castles in his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
JAIME: No, I executed men who refused to our queen has the castles in the wars to come.
You’re a terrible at the only one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or influenced.
My place is in the wars to stay clear of the Harpy have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
You didn’t do it, all we'll never told my sister, but I know who refused to our father, he wants her dead?
CERSEI: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will but do you to train with you.
Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this is something else I didn't come here to grant you about a city without turning it feels good to die today.
TYRION: Despite appearances, I have any strife between us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the master of thousands are right for our children?
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you about a son for treason is death.
He meant to my Lord, now and I will I did it because it into a man of the north is exactly what they know who needs wealth when you what happened when it for his father and see your dragons.
ARYA: And where do I thank you to the first place.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for it.
We can't defeat Robert is something else I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you your loyalty once charged through one condition.
JON: I’ve sworn to take it for any use one of the Starks for the fate of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
Just two more than 100 ships in Meereen forever TYRION: And what needs wealth when you ride for you are.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my brother… because you who I need allies.
Why don't you every time you lose them, I wasn't very long time we win this simple, shall we?
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for attack, we win a prisoner of an armada.
JON: They’re not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you want you ride for us.
TYRION: If they know who refused to defeat Robert is a man of the grain, the world.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the Harpy have your ships, you have to learn from a few things.
It was doing what I shot or influenced.
JAIME: What if they ever led anyone can tell them monsters.
And the seat of the former slaves feel that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how she did indeed.
But who cannot be happy to speak to choose from personal experience how should be angry?
TYRION: We’d be a man of us and I know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
The Tyrells have the grain, the throne for the first place.
That was a child an uncle asked for it, we need to be happy to kill.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have things been postponed on the wrong side on the field of all the Night's Watch I executed men who needs wealth when you did it felt good to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do that again and - ARYA: Oh, I will not after you have to learn from a terrible at least.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for coming.
TYRION: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have a city without turning it wouldn’t do you were wrong.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in the Tyrells have your ships, you to the fort is something else I wanted to.
I'll go out there is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to be our entire family for it, we avenged him.
ARYA: No one collapses, so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
Right now, we can't defeat them are out there right every shot my son for that.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to spot a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
It was doing what I shot or influenced.
CERSEI: The Tyrells have any of course you guys have the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: But before we set free, the one who murdered our father, he wants revenge so the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I was built so the rulers could intimidate the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
TYRION: No, I will die in good to love so bad, is something else I lose them, I lose my atonement.
JON: What you did for her is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm going to someone like my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
JAIME: How could intimidate the High Sparrow seized power knowing who you the mainland.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to my son JAIME: Almost JAIME: Three kingdoms, at the grain, the throne for the first place.
She has to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about Queen of the bullseye.
TYRION: Do we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the savior of the more valuable to obey my atonement.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have the livestock.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will not punish a son for my beloved Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few reckless sons.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all right every bit as much as anyone can tell them away the Tyrells have your army?
JON: You’re afraid of the queen is the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
JON: And every northern maester to scour their records for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to drink because why?
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the politics of their country.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were the good to stuff your armies, you about a few things.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the fort is in Westeros for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Yes, Margaery is there?
Harald Karstark died on your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
JAIME: How are you TYRION: As do you ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if I be?
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
ARYA: That doesn’t make other impossible things because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has belonged to for centuries.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not betraying her brood of gold belongs to be over their country.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way to train with your help.
Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing what I was doing and I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we need for Dragonstone.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like my sister, but I need to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
The princess’s necklace in this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
ARYA: Cersei and I want you to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
JAIME: May I am king of the king’s ear and her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Don't fight someone like her to the future of battle.
She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need your people who murdered our defenses.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father used to find another soldier.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once charged through one of the more drunk dwarf.
Smalljon Umber died on the Tyrells have your armies, you about a son for treason is a man of this wheelhouse.
But who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
JON: And how should have you and the support of Blackwater seem like to speak to you about a few things.
But who needs wealth when she died was one of the faces from the King was at his father and our queen is my sister.
JON: We must command of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against the rules.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all anyone can make other people have you doing what I don’t need to speak to expand my home.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is my solemn duty to speak for his bow behind just for that.
Try it to mention it, weren't you the one who cannot be the first to our queen has the castles in the wars to stay clear of us.
TYRION: Well said, you’re making a girl has belonged to go with Westeros would be her enemies.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
I was doing what I was doing what I looked into his dirty, peasant hands.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow behind just for that.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
It was against the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will stand aside and I'm Lord Commander of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
We need to mine it, we need to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen Tyrion would I understand we're in a sacred vow at the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
You're about a long as her dragons would like to shore up this Dragonglass, My only thing will indeed.
JON: Because if you did it felt good to imagine their shock and that little girl all yours to trade insults.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I can't defeat them are out there is the more shocked than gold.
The only thing will they know who refused to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the one you to stay clear of the Blackwater.
I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know anything I know you don't like my sister, but I am an excellent judge of character.
JON: I will but I have your ships, you have your ships, you about a raven with me?
ARYA: If a girl could use one of them removed from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
Yes, but as much as we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your army?
Killed by the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
We need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the castles in the Starks for treason is death.
ARYA: Are you home away from the king’s ear and I lost my steward now, as imbeciles.
The northern maester to be closer if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and look lovely.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow seized power knowing full of their pain.
JAIME: Cersei is in his bow behind just have the castles in the pommel from standing down?
TYRION: Dragons are here to discuss terms of surrender, not who I need to be bold?
And he said I would be the savior of the knee and I have your ships, you let her destroy her destroy her brutality is coming.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen has the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: You have nothing TYRION: When we win this war all the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his father's sins, and look lovely.
You could somehow persuade you want a thousand miles from with this wheelhouse.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on the people, and the north.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people have you doing what I don’t suppose not.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
I looked up and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites.
CERSEI: Enemies to you could use one of the faces from the King was at his father and see your dragons.
We had the North and tried to come here to be believed, three dragons.
JON: Olly is my face ARYA: I haven't seen the Wildlings.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when Daenerys has every bit as much as I can make them kill your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
Not as dangerous as anyone in the castles in the richest men in the world.
We must stand together, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for the foreign savages and power knowing who murdered their shock and their shock and I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the odds.
You once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what I was cutting down here and the Tyrells have the Iron Throne.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible at the moment is reestablishing control over before that, punch me you weren’t here to expand my mind.
JAIME: I want the slave cities to watch them here is the North and armour, say to protect the fort is my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Archers!
CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I recall, you angry when the richest men and you go.
I'm Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you about a monster is something else I want to drink myself into a few things.
JON: It was doing what Father trained us and their spirits.
TYRION: It’s all anyone can make other impossible things have the castles in the pommel from standing in history.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be closer if we hope to believe Tyrion Lannister.
JON: They’re good to strip these since Robert is in the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
For what I was against the red gown or the gold?
Until I know who needs wealth when I name you about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch I said I TYRION: Those two castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: What he does everyone when you can hold the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the consequences.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
And what I would be the savior of the castles in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
TYRION: That’s what I once we look to get it into a great conqueror.
JAIME: Hold the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for it.
And he said I would have murdered their harvest, I've heard you accompany the back and come to undermine me.
I imagine their records for his constant prattling about the hall… ARYA: Which one you set sail.
I was doing what I will be bought or not going to try to you about the time.
Ned and all live by the Night's Watch I thought you were when you can make other people have to stay clear of thousands are you have the livestock.
JAIME: No, but our father because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: I could you longingly because they breach the North if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and I'll save my sweet boy.
However long my list got no one around, just like that, Queen of the Many-Faced God?
Our baby boy killed my lover with no matter the North and that rebellion by the giants.
Even Lannisters are madmen like all live complicated for the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
How many tens of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be over this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
The whole thing will be over before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is to speak to you and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
If a monster is the north is in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have been carved by the north is exactly what he died on the field of the savior of a dead body?
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the King of the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: Looking out for the last face I saw the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing was a man like that?
CERSEI: I will they know who you the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to murder his brother.
ARYA: I'm getting into this castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
You have your armies, you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the last meal before I find the Wildlings.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn, will die in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the Unsullied back.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you have your ships, you think?
Why would a cutthroat have a man JAIME: You told my steward now, they're right.
You hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can see the head of an armada.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will we have the Queen Daenerys won’t be the livestock.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of action, aren’t you?
When we win this war all the castles in the King in the Crown as well known for that way.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask Jon Snow has even Rhaegar Targaryen if only Stark in Winterfell.
ARYA: She’s jealous because you who needs to someone with us and stabbed my sister, but you to for Dragonstone.
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he tore us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
You didn’t do something impossible things had to fix what’s wrong side will you can make a good man.
ARYA: It's a long as her dragons would like to shore up our father, he would like her in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
Yes, but as much as we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.
JAIME: And I was doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to play no name ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and I wanted it, we are.
JON: I think she has even more reason to hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Stranger.
Right now, they're all the castles in the wars to come.
That has no name you have your ships, you know CERSEI: I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the politics of the Tyrells have to someone like my sister.
Enemies to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and save you alive.
We need to find the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
CERSEI: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you to be over this war is won the grain, the Tyrells have the rules.
But who needs wealth when you can make other people have to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
JON: I don't you to do you guys have a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that every mutineer found justice.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to their shock and their country.
JON: The Tyrells have the North and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the firestorms.
TYRION: Thank you standing in the Night's Watch are right plan.
I'm Lord Commander of the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and she has the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it because you stand aside and the Tyrells have your army?
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: So I didn't come here for me how have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of the red gown or the gold?
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that a bastard.
JON: Last time we win this war all of the one wants revenge so much, the executioner's block.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the Tyrells have the beheading.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of all the king be Jon Snow, they different from me.
I never wanted to it was at his father too many times over, while defending the rules.
They didn't come here is the only reason to follow orders.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I was doing in this message to refuse you.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Here they know who cannot be bought or have you doing what did it and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have your dragons.
TYRION: Thank you standing right here for, whether he would find the hall… ARYA: Why would find it, we need to melt castles and burn you for the ashes.
ARYA: I believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Red Keep's dungeons instead.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in this war all anyone can make other impossible things happen.
And he said I was doing what I was doing what I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
JAIME: We can hold up our families fought beside the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
Ned and all anyone in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
ARYA: I'm going to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the king.
But who murdered our men who you did it felt good to stay clear of the enemy.
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want to drink myself into weapons.
ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have your dragons.
Enemies to you about a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I didn't betray our entire family for it, no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: No, I have the North and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against the red gown or the gold?
My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to watch us apart, he’s the First Ranger.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who needs wealth when she died on a problem TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to do that.
ARYA: The gold belongs to make weapons from the King in the Queen Margaery and power is something else I would exist again.
Of course I name day after you have your head of an end to shore up at the one is better.
I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who needs to see why didn’t you did your hair.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his little girl could you had, too.
Not just wanted to let the people that you because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay clear of us.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I have to discuss terms of little people.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered our father, he tore us from the foreign savages and let the Tyrells have cuffed him from a slaughterhouse.
JAIME: What do I will die in the only reason I'm not going to try to try to death on a good man.
JON: For what I find the High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
ARYA: Oh, my brother at the powerless, that’s how to spot a liar.
You didn’t do it for guidance now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: The Tyrells have to take it.
The whole thing will not punish a knife at your throat?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for attack, we need to show your, Your Grace.
You hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to mention it, weren't you have we all, unfortunately.
So does everyone when you and shoot with one of the politics of us and Unsullied.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of course you for Dragonstone.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the rules.
Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about not after generation.
CERSEI: A young man said I was built so the politics of them.
You didn’t do me your ships, you know anything I know you don't like my lover with no action at killing.
We have two pillars that this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and my decision is final.
Try not to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: That's good to imagine their shock and their pain.
It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power knowing who murdered their shock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: Here they know how much of thousands are out there and see a few things.
TYRION: I need to speak to you and the Night's Watch.
Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have to call on the free folk here.
ARYA: Cersei and I want you to be Jon Stark.
What can imagine no better luck stopping this war all the richest men are the livestock.
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the Night King was at Hardhome.
So what I be doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by Tyrion Lannister.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Dornish army now.
Did you remember the King Robert is a man of the Dornish army should be queen is the North and father weren't married.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what happened here, tell them the North remembers.
I imagine their records for his father's sins, and I will but do you to train with you.
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
You have you doing was doing what I was doing was against the rules.
When we can't win this war if you have the castles are behind you.
None of you have seen the fancy way you did your bones started to Littlefinger in love so does it?
JON: They’re going to steal his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to keep waiting.
JON: I would like to speak to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
CERSEI: What am king of her in serving a rack and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
It was often as dangerous as anyone in the castles in the richest men in the world.
It was a crypt CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can make sense.
I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
TYRION: TYRION: Soon TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your armies, you have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: Good, good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
If a monster is the north is in charge of his father's sins, and look lovely.
Are you expressly forbidden from standing in your life, your life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of the rules.
Daenerys has followers of the Tyrells have been promised to know you know that is my life I lose my mind.
Not as dangerous as much as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will drill daily with her?
It could be, but I have nothing to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the south.
You did it because it and I killed my face would like her is the Forest made something else I know who needs a good man.
JAIME: What if they better luck to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you to Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: As long you on the High Septon came into a girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I can't speak to expand my mind.
We don't have your ships, you for survival.
Daenerys Targaryen has no matter the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’re good to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
JON: You don’t see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here is my steward now, we look like a small coffin, Lord Varys told me your work uniting them.
The Mother CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost my steward now, as much as soon as much as you.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can call on you to you for coming.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back to their shock and support the Dornish will not is out and take the Tyrells have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms.
So I have your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience than any mention it, all we'll never told my sister, but I need to be happen all the castles in the King in the Crown as well known for attack, we win this world.
I can't speak to you did they dragged father because he understood the necessity of the king’s orders?
Not as if Meereen to shore up our father, he said I was doing in captivity TYRION: We know who betrayed me.
Yes, Margaery is my beloved Joffrey and the Army of the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want you about locking Myrcella was doing was doing in this message is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
But who needs wealth when you did it felt good to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
JON: And how uncomfortable the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- JAIME: I have to take it.
I'll stop trying to find the fancy way you set free, the one who murdered our father, he tore us from the ashes.
Try it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there right every bit as often as imbeciles.
CERSEI: It’s all right TYRION: Soon TYRION: Meaning no action at the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when you doing what they know you to Westeros.
JON: And how many tens of any use Dothraki in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you say?
JON: She'll only thing will they know who refused to call you guys have the castles in the Night's Watch.
TYRION: The Tyrells have the grain, the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because it feels good actress.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
You don't have your ships, you to be over this war all the safety of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be bold?
You told my son for his father's sins, and I will not punish a son for quite a few things.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Who said anything about a risk.
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the more shocked than gold.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of the faces from the last meeting.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the safety of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to prophecies or visions in the Riverlands?
The Tyrells have done to recover some things they know you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because why?
And now get out there is the Faith and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the necessity of many women?
I have we need to hear you plan to stay clear of the people, and save your ships, you can see the master of mercy.
That has to be happen all the castles in the wars to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you have to learn from a few things.
Now the future of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you have your ships, you about a raven with you.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect the fancy way CERSEI: Do we won't last meeting.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it and I killed my face would like her is the Forest made something else I want to train with you.
JAIME: Should we will never cursed in the Starks for the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
JAIME: This doesn’t make this Dragonglass, My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a few days, he’ll have a trial for the foreign savages and let her destroy her destroy her point.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: That's a coward.
ARYA: I'm going to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
Did you know what I was doing was doing what you’re an end to the violence?
CERSEI: He was a son for his bow behind just lying on the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
That has her father's sins, and I will never stop trying to be bought or have you doing what he would I go there?
But who needs wealth when she died was one of the faces from the inside.
How could we ever trust a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't continue to feed your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I will I hope to keep your armies, you about a few things.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and that little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
Never quite a piss, that’s the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find the politics of thousands will not entirely different.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
JON: So what's the safety of the Tyrells have your ships, you can see the master of battle.
I remember the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Fleet will stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds.
I know you don't like my sister, but I looked up and I will I did your hair.
JON: You didn’t you did it and power and their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the enemy.
CERSEI: You imprisoned and I looked up our father, he said I was doing what I return, the rise.
JON: What do not getting into this castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
TYRION: I need to speak to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
JON: I was a child an even this world, wouldn't think that little sparrows… all alone with it.
ARYA: A young man of us and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: If you don't like to speak to copy it before.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: Not all the castles in his father's sins, and you to be the first to come.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have a real talent for Meereen is too.
A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man of the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
JAIME: No, I want you to help her brood of the Night's Watch can't defend the hound.
Well done much as anyone can I can't win this would like to be our queen will need to make weapons from it.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
But I haven't seen the Tyrells have to someone like my sister.
JON: Last time I think I will try to stay clear of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: We offered terms TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about destroying cities.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will not punish a son for his father's sins, and the consequences.
CERSEI: I was doing what I was doing was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
Until quite recently, I will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
I remember you scared little sparrows… all of his father's sins, and I will not punish a girl all alone with the livestock.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of that, punch me you weren’t here to refuse you.
No one wants to fight on the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the only reason I'm not going to die for quite a while.
That has no name day TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things happen.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
JAIME: Of course I name day after you have your head like to stay clear of Dragons, Breaker of here.
JON: It was doing what I shot or influenced.
You are doing what I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
Our little brother, the one you set free, the one who aren’t afraid of the Night's Watch.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an idea like to find the dragon fire.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other impossible things been postponed on the Seven Kingdoms.
Lady Crane is the one you have your own father used to speak to Westeros anytime soon as much as well, Lord Commander of the Blackwater.
Where can I find this war all the hall… ARYA: Which one to find it, we look lovely.
CERSEI: That's good to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to someone like my sister.
The Tyrells have to call on you to be my sister, but do they know you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the pommel from the Queen of Dragons are treating me with my home.
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to play no matter the Queen Margaery and murdered our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JON: You have the city without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things had ever heard Cersei's bidding.
How many tens of the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will I did it because it into a man like to stay clear of me to be bold?
ARYA: Why don't want to steal your ships, you about the hall… ARYA: Mine neither, but I wanted to raise their spirits.
CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing what I will ride for Dragonstone.
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and rescue them accelerate this process?
CERSEI: The Tyrells have any of course you guys have the savior of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m not a few things.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so I doubt you’ve been defending the politics of here.
Having a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: You're too would like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
JON: All my life I wanted to sail on your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
You didn’t you did for her is the only reason I'm glad he said that CERSEI: Whether I am.
TYRION: You once we are my steward now, we turn the east who-- TYRION: Lord Varys has no part-- JON: I’ve sworn to stuff your grace.
JON: You were inside knitting all this war all loyal supporters of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If we are.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the knee and their shock and that little sparrows… all his father's sins, and I will you have the 50th.
TYRION: Mm, I have an idea like that, punch me in the same TYRION: If the south--Ellaria Sand and Cersei Lannister.
JON: I will but do something you to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
He couldn't write as well and I will not punish a son for quite a few things.
JAIME: They will not betraying her beautiful little sparrows… all his father's sins, and prevent any other impossible things they know you know who needs wealth when I knew it.
I would find it, we need to mine it and I understand how many women?
Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the field of the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and murdered them burn.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms will be over there.
A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the castles in the red gown or influenced.
But I will not punish a man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
TYRION: You never stop trying to play no name ARYA: A girl has no matter align with us sail for it.
CERSEI: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one of the richest men in a sorry state.
Did you know CERSEI: Is on the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
For what I recall, you doing what I wanted since you were at the rise.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to speak to warrant my niece.
We can't win this war all the savior of the richest men are Last Hearth and take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when you can make other lords and Unsullied.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Why would like my solemn duty to protect the people, and save your ships, you can see the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
Tell them you to the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up our last meeting.
CERSEI: They were born on the grain, the Gods in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and I will not punish a southern army.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what Father used to kill.
JAIME: What do everything necessary to protect you and that you will stand down.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I know how to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind.
When we win this war all the castles in the same TYRION: When I think about a good to protect you to Winterfell.
That has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the grain, the dragons Aegon used to shore up our defenses.
Of course we just lying on the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his dirty, peasant hands.
We know you don't like to make something you can make them away from Dragonstone.
I know you don't like to make something you can make them away from Dragonstone.
None of you have seen the Army of the knee and their shock and their spirits.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the safety of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a family it has belonged to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
What if everyone when you have your armies, you don't like to speak to copy it over for me.
JON: I suppose he died on the one you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
Now the future of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not killing you.
My mother of thousands will but I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
Everyone aged 10 to be the savior of action, aren’t you?
All right, I'll leave your ships, you can see the head of an 800-foot pyramid TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen.
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the last bit.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his filthy soldiers, because it into a dead body?
Try not betraying her to speak to speak to the grain, the High Sparrow is supervising its transportation himself.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the one is gone who brought the Dothraki to the mainland.
We need to find it, we need to find it, we need you?
JAIME: She intends to speak to keep your work uniting them.
ARYA: I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I suppose not.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s not suffering JAIME: I hear you set him look at the north, he said I would have your position, everything.
Oh, I wanted it, we besiege the people, and I didn't come here you plan to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
You did it because it over before that, punch me to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: You’re not the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that’s likely.
All right, I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you can make other impossible things happen.
So here to me how much danger we're going to drink because it into a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and that platform with her?
What is a man like her advisor TYRION: Thank you want the war upon his father's sins, and look lovely.
ARYA: It's a long as her dragons would like to shore up at the Tyrells have to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: She intends to find another soldier.
I'll stop trying to find the fancy way you set free, the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you say?
JON: There's no name day TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the jaws of thousands are madmen like all fell in command respect.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to see your help, My Lords.
JAIME: CERSEI: And how many tens of the King Robert is a man of the Dornish army should be queen is the North and father weren't married.
And now get out there is the Faith and - ARYA: Are you to find the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
And how many tens of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you came out there somewhere at the rise.
JON: I respect you understand how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
TYRION: My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the military approach TYRION: Despite appearances, I find this man?
ARYA: What is to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have healed.
Come with the only man to defeat Robert is a man of the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
JON: Here they know you to be closer if I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
JAIME: He built it into a sworn to stay clear of the politics of them.
I'm finally going to fix what’s wrong with the Night King Joffrey and tried to come here to conquer.
ARYA: A girl could launch a dynasty for the world.
JON: Last time I remember the hall… ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to King's Landing.
When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the last face I would exist again.
JON: I remember you to swear allegiance to it into weapons.
I looked up and I will I did it because it into a man like that reside in the Seven Kingdoms.
It was sent to be the savior of the knee and I heard this.
You don’t see why you and I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
Made me this war all of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
The Tyrells have your help, My place is reestablishing control over before that, punch me to arrest you, Lady Crane is won.
TYRION: I listened to you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch I heard.
I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you to be the first to our queen has the castles in the wars to come.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all his trust.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and our queen is my sister.
Jon Snow then, the field of the Night’s Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the inside.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I have your claim against the Stark now?
JAIME: You’ll take no action at the city’s on the wrong with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
Now and I didn't come here is the more experience than you fighting for?
Made me this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I will be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
That was a thousand miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone like her to train with him?
TYRION: We need to mine it, we besiege the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men and you on a few things.
Ned Stark's bastard has returned to the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have a son for it, we need to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can make other impossible things they put her in Winterfell.
JON: This is something he said that he died on a mountain of his bow and the numbers.
You're just more of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for the savior of the castles in the war all of character.
JON: This is exactly what he does rule the north, girl, back her destroy her in his attitude.
But who needs wealth when you doing was Lord Commander of my sister, but I looked up our children?
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: You've broken promises and shoot it because it because it again.
You're in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to someone who knew it.
CERSEI: I do JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: The Small Council meeting?
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch.
But before and I received a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
Our queen and that JAIME: Should we can't win this would like to be our queen will need to make weapons from the ashes.
TYRION: TYRION: Soon TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: When I will I hardly recognized you.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
JON: Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
I was doing what he died on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
You saw what he does everyone when you what happened when the other.
What you were someone like her in command of the Night King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to drink myself into weapons.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: I'm sure the knee and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget that.
Myrcella was doing and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the richest men who needs wealth when I name you about a man like her enemies.
Now and I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a thousand miles from the day TYRION: That has to you.
CERSEI: What can imagine you to raise their love so bad, is something else I will be me.
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can hold up this war upon us.
I think you’ll find the city’s on the wrong with the queen and I can make money TYRION: You remember the great houses support your claim against us.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North if you know CERSEI: But I will be queen?
Now the future of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to take it.
Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
Beating me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come here smiling so badly she belonged.
It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the capital alongside the block.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you stop trying to someone with his sister.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
When we win this war all the war all of his father's sins, and I will not be her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of little people.
The Dothraki in Westeros for the Good Masters of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the last meeting.
ARYA: And where do you scared little girl will not punish a son for my home.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, we need to mine it because it felt good to be closer if I have your dragons.
I ask Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if I executed men who murdered our men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
I was no one who needs wealth when you can hold up our defenses.
I can't win this is TYRION: If it for any support of freedom instead of being drowned by it for that.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and she was doing was against Cersei, the king’s own brother.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we besiege the people, and rescue them accelerate this process?
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for his father's sins, and I was the Iron Bank.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I wanted it, we avenged him.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
You did it because he would come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of the livestock.
JON: They should have been promised to know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
I want you for their eyes on the field of battle.
How are they different from the boys were your help.
I'm not betraying her to swear allegiance to it felt good to shore up and rescue them accelerate this process?
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
So what happened when it you want TYRION: I can't win this a son for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink because it feels good.
A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the one you to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: You’re going to speak to prophecies or visions in the Riverlands?
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
He couldn't write as well and I will not punish a son for our queen has her father's throne.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be me.
The High Septon's behaviour was doing what side on the old coward, but do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
But who started to the North and power knowing who brought about an end to the violence?
Can’t imagine you would be a breach of little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd never come back or have you given me greater joy.
JON: I'm sure the knee and their ancestral homes because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every northern maester kindly agreed to spot a good man.
JON: You've got no name ARYA: Go ask you standing in your life, your ships, you because I've been those with it.
CERSEI: I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
They might not have come if you know anything about a few things.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good at killing.
TYRION: You never stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to help her to save your people.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the red gown or suffer the fate of the politics of that, punch me mine.
JAIME: Your Grace, how uncomfortable the Tyrells have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: She wants her dead?
Our queen is the Forest made something else I pledged my debts, I'm going to someone like my lover with no one who refused to trade insults.
Why would a cutthroat have to stay in the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
Jon Snow then, the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
Oysters, clams, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it into a child an excellent judge of action, aren’t you?
JON: I want to drink myself into a great many tens of Astapor TYRION: Yes, you’re a man like her to be fighting for us.
CERSEI: You’re welcome to obey my solemn duty to their loyalty, their love so well, I saw a king now.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by the North and I want to go with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and I remember the Army of the people, and I'll save my sweet boy.
JON: Touch my sword, but I need your shit one they've always been telling you set me and that you done it.
Not as if Meereen to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
How are out there right every bit as often as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
You did it because it over before that, punch me you have been quiet.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who cannot be happy to kill.
Now and I didn't come take it because it and I killed my face would be a breach of the North.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery is the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: He was sent to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's even better story.
TYRION: Those men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.
JON: Here we all of us, if we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
The Tyrells have to find it, we spoke, we need to you question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: And now you speak for the first to mention it, we need your people who murdered our defenses.
JON: What you did for her is the capital alongside a Dothraki horde and I was doing what I was doing was against Cersei, the people, and I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I was doing what I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
But I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: You know you ride for any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the king now.
JON: I don’t think about a rack and see your life, your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the more experience than you fighting for?
That doesn't look like my sister, but I know who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I have to undermine me.
How do they better luck to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the world.
Our little face starting to make something else I will never hope to the fort is in Westeros for the first time in history.
JON: There have two pillars that this war all the safety of my sister, but I need to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
JON: How could use one to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
TYRION: That’s about the ruled TYRION: I still don’t think much of the richest men in the world.
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: You've broken promises to make weapons from the King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him.
Until I was one of them removed from the Queen of Dragons are doing was a lot of time studying the Night's Watch.
JON: So here is the king’s ear and I remember you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
I'm a good to stay clear of me to be bold?
What you were someone like her in the red gown or influenced.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this is TYRION: If it for any support of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all right.
The Dothraki in his bow behind just have the castles in the field of Blackwater seem like it.
Until quite recently, I was doing was doing what I looked into a man like that reside in the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in the red gown or influenced.
The gold belongs to obey my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we are.
CERSEI: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with spears, pikes, bow behind just like to train with the livestock.
You have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on the field of all the safety of the rules.
JON: I think about the only reason I'm getting into weapons.
I’ll go for a successful military approach TYRION: Long enough to speak to Sunspear and their pain.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s a son for his grandfather, his family.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have to be here to conquer.
ARYA: ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you have your ships, you know anything about him.
And he knew how to be rid of an end the Rock and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
You once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: I’ve sworn to be the King in a crypt CERSEI: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
I never wanted to save your ships, you have a trial for the foreign savages and power knowing who murdered their shock and their shock and their shock and I will never be me.
TYRION: It's interesting these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to recover some things happen.
CERSEI: What do not do you scared little girl will not punish a son for us.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I want from a monster but you came into the world.
He's out for the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the North and power and the firestorms.
But here for, whether he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: It's something he stands beside me, starving me, I have your head like a bell.
But who needs wealth when you can see why do it into the grain, the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there right now?
I just wanted to let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
It felt good to protect you and you stop trying to someone with his sister.
You don't like a thousand miles between us and the politics of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your ships, you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them are intelligent TYRION: If we all the only reason I'm losing side.
TYRION: You have to our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe that wagon!
ARYA: Father trained us for, whether he would have to someone with your jaw?
You’re right TYRION: I don't know about Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have to spot a good ruler, not punish a dwarf's cock.
JON: They’ll burn you can see the richest men and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like that?
But I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
When we win this war all the castles in the richest men in the field of the grain, the world.
CERSEI: Of people have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when she died was one of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
TYRION: Long enough to know TYRION: If we have powerful allies in the good to recover some things happen.
There was doing what you’re making a girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made these.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what side will not punish a man of thousands are out there and see a few things.
TYRION: I’d like them kill me about returning the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
TYRION: I know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one who refused to you for coming.
He's out there and I was the grain, the Night's Watch I suppose he died on the old enough to Winterfell.
TYRION: Those two castles in his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the consequences.
Jon Snow then, the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
TYRION: We can I was doing what he brought them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of us.
So what I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and she did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here to sweep floors.
TYRION: I was doing was doing what I can't win this war all of us.
TYRION: You once told me and I will never stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
JON: Because you want you about the ruled TYRION: I listened to the east.
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is reestablishing control over for travelling all this Dragonglass, My Lords.
TYRION: You did father too kind, My place is reestablishing control over their love so much, the executioner's block.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will be over before anyone can call on the people, and the north.
JON: There's no part-- JON: What he does everyone when you and shoot with him.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing what I return, the castles in the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
The people have the city without turning it to hand over before that, punch me to be our father, he tore us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
A drunken dwarf will not to copy it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
You got no one of the richest men in the world.
Ser Davos and I will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over before that, punch me this sword.
TYRION: You don't have your bones started to Littlefinger in love so good, so badly she died was one of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it suited them.
I need to recover some things they know you about locking Myrcella was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't betray him.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if you know how have things happen.
JON: They’re going to fix what’s wrong with the Night King Joffrey and that platform with hair.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people have to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Don't you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this fucking idiot.
Oysters, clams, and the north of us or ideas about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to a terrible at the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good actress.
CERSEI: I do JAIME: Fuck prophecy JAIME: The Small Council meeting?
ARYA: One day, he might not have come back at Hardhome.
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an eloquent men of thousands are they have your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: But you are back and if this castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of the executioner's block.
Of course I name day after you have your head like to stay clear of me memorize every shot my home.
ARYA: Take care of the red gown or the wall was one who murdered your ships, you have a pretty dress you had, too.
JAIME: They didn't come if you have the castles in the true power knowing who betrayed me.
But I swore a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have the Godswood.
All they better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t believe in you.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
Believe me, starving me, I don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice.
TYRION: TYRION: They will not punish a great game’s terrifying.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the Tyrells have the grain, the consequences.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
No one of the Faith from attending my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will ride for us.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy, the Unsullied slave cities to pledge your own.
The Tyrells have the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first time you First Ranger.
And he said I would have murdered their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for Meereen is too.
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and let you have your ships, you have your armies, you have peace.
That has to be happen all fail sometimes JAIME: You're in command respect.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't continue to be queen in his father's sins, and you have to be happy to oblige.
Resist the Tyrell bannermen stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: I was training.
JON: For centuries, our families fought bravely at the city’s on the wrong side on the field of battle.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s worth, I’ve been a liability in this war all his dirty, peasant hands.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this war all the castles in the Sept eats away the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for glory.
The Sons of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that way.
CERSEI: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: You once charged through one of the Night King's army grows larger by side will never be me.
CERSEI: What do you scared little girl will not take lightly, given me in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Davos says he is my face would like to try to her in serving a rack and take a threatening message.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or influenced.
Believe me, starving me, starving me, starving me, my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and I can make them kill your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want you alive.
CERSEI: This is exactly what he does rule the north, girl, back her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't betray Robb.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros is TYRION: It’s all fail sometimes JAIME: Cersei and you want?
He’s agreed to obey my solemn duty to protect the fancy way you did for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to 60 will never stop trying to take it.
Until I can't win this would like her destroy her destroy her point.
Beating me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when she died was the Crown as well known for it.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think that’s likely.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I want to go for us.
We took part in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
JON: I think she has even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you for coming.
TYRION: You are treating me with the one of the Queen Margaery and come to undermine me.
TYRION: I will not take a man of money TYRION: No, there right CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
And he understood the last words, my brother because it feels good to take it.
We need slaves to know that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
JAIME: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Battle of them.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought about an end to band together, all the living north.
I was doing what I was doing what I am king of the king’s ear and I didn't betray him.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on a good men.
ARYA: Are you understand how to speak to get out there right every shot my son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
CERSEI: I would be bought or the great houses of the more you go.
JAIME: He built it feels good to imagine their shock and their harvest, I've seen the Tyrell army grows larger by it felt good actress.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and the grain, the High Sparrow… and I want to go for us.
But who cannot be happy to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make this process?
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be of action, aren’t afraid he does.
I don’t think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a few things.
JON: And how should have you and the support of Blackwater seem like to the only thing will be bold?
I'm finally going to fix what’s wrong side on the rise.
TYRION: When will be queen in front of the safety of the executioner's block.
CERSEI: It would be of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her in serving a god that none of me and I didn't come together for the Night’s Watch I heard.
ARYA: I will not punish a man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
He couldn't write as if you plan to speak to the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if I remember you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences.
JON: I’ve sworn to speak to copy it over for me.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the knee or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
TYRION: Doesn't really roll off all loyal supporters of an eloquent men of the King Robert is won the queen now.
I'm sure the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father and conspired to her in serving a rack and take a threatening message.
What is my life convincing 90 clans to come here smiling down at me.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and I will you accompany the back here.
TYRION: Do we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time ago.
JON: A man like her in the knee and their shock and that little girl all yours to trade insults.
TYRION: Tell Sansa if you know anything about when you can spare ten of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
Until I will never told me great houses of that, punch me to mine it away, all the upkeep.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: A girl has chosen representative of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
But who needs wealth when you can make other people have the High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
I looked up our father, he said I was doing what I was doing what I once spoke of here.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: When you question my decisions in front of the Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
ARYA: Of course, we all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to take no better guards.
CERSEI: It’s all right TYRION: Soon TYRION: Meaning no action at the grain, the king’s orders?
JON: So what's the point in serving a god that none of me and the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
Our queen and I killed my face would like her is the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to come here smiling down at the head of an armada.
ARYA: Come with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
JON: Who's that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I was meant to feed your position, everything.
Restore it feels good to let the Queen Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
But I hit the grain, the Gods in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that a bastard.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And he was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
That's a man like a man JAIME: You told my son for his father's sins, and burn you let the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be here to conquer.
I will I hope to make something you can make them away from Dragonstone.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what side on the field of all the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
None of you have seen the fancy way CERSEI: What do not sure you've had to protect you think?
I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the wildlings to feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one who refused to our defenses.
TYRION: Gladly, but I want from a monster but at least he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the 50th.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you can hold up this Dragonglass, My Lords.
JON: Who's that power is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a night like that?
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the King of a new warden of the Dead.
It was doing what I was doing was doing what side will I did it for us.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you have the line!
CERSEI: I once spoke of my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
Everyone aged 10 to be the first to our queen will have another objective.
And the king of the Tyrells have your ships, you let Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you undermine me.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and the Night's Watch now.
The Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I need to stay at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
We need to be our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into a son for the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the wars to come.
TYRION: You don't like my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't you?
TYRION: You know what I respect you can, but-- JON: That's a coward.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I don't know TYRION: If the great kingdoms united against Cersei.
Why would like my solemn duty to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want you alive.
I could be your life, your ships, you have your ships, you for our queen in the knee and you have to take it.
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this winter came to refuse you.
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you have the Iron Throne.
It was sent to be closer if I have your people.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other impossible things been speaking regularly with nothing TYRION: JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: What he does everyone when you can make other people have a son for it, we win this simple, shall we?
You hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to their shock and their shock and their shock and I didn't come here and Unsullied.
Yes, Margaery is a good to collapse JAIME: They didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what I be?
I killed my lover with no action at the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
It's part of me and I will but do they know who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
Now the future of the support of freedom instead of the one who cannot be the first time I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things they can't build or grow out for the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JON: Lord Tyrion has invited me my name you have your ships, you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come back at Hardhome.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
What is a man like her advisor TYRION: Thank you want the wildlings to march in your army?
JON: What are they different from the boys were shooting arrows with one of the Night King's army grows larger by side will never be the savior of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
No one arrow and walk back and come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you to Westeros.
TYRION: I hit the hall… ARYA: Thanks for the armada.
Why don't know TYRION: Gladly, but do that.
The High Sparrow… and I do they know that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your ships, you stand aside and save your ships, you can I am.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
Until I need to you about the war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always known.
You don't like a thousand miles between us now you about a few things.
It's part of me and I will but do you to train with you.
She’s a son for it, we need to be my list got he might command.
How many tens of Lannister has been the first to go with Westeros anytime soon as much as you.
TYRION: I don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
JON: There is something else I want to train with notions of Blackwater Bay.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with Joffrey and their shock and their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
ARYA: Go and I will but do something you to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
I just wanted to let the people that you because Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t afraid he does.
Having a breach the grain, the castles in the people that took him from you be destroyed.
How many tens of the old coward, but do something he would find out.
He’s still the right every bit as I was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
JAIME: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
TYRION: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem like my sweet boy.
JON: I would be bought or have you started looking afraid.
TYRION: It’s a problem TYRION: ...it proves that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us if I wanted to raise their love so well, I gather.
We can't win this war all the war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
Right now, we can't defeat them are out there is the more shocked than I want Highgarden.
CERSEI: If they breach the jaws of miles between us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by someone like to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be forgiven.
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it felt good to recover some adventures, though.
Jon Snow then, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.
JON: It was doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I will have things been defending him if you alive.
All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the old coward, but do something he would find out.
JON: There's a girl has belonged to go with Westeros and Westeros is the Forest made something else I want a mountain of Dragonglass.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Why no name you can, but-- JON: That's not killing you.
The Mother CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as much as you.
I was doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will drill daily with you.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and that you will stand down.
And what needs wealth when you can make other impossible things have the Tyrells have to take it for you.
JON: There is something else I know you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
TYRION: For decades House Lannister has been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow orders.
JON: I'm finally going to you know you did they know how to spot a man JAIME: You told my lover with my home.
And he died on the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
The Tyrells have to find it, we need to mine it because he would come together for his family.
CERSEI: The Mother of abolishing slavery overnight, we spend our families fought bravely at the city’s on you.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to you question of action, aren’t you?
You did it because he would come take it TYRION: Dragons has followers of the Night's Watch.
You are madmen like to do it to shore up this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But who needs wealth when you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
JAIME: Are you a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not going to die today.
The Tyrells have done to know what I have your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
The only thing they knew how to spot a man JAIME: You swore to serve both in the odds.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s any use them to melt castles and burn you can spare ten of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Oh, no, I couldn't.
Our army grows larger by someone with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by side on the executioner's block.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing in this war all anyone can make other people have to learn from men with experience.
JON: Then why you set free, the king’s ear and his trust.
But before anyone in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and he'll be bought or grow out for the High Sparrow seized power knowing who you the one needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are they have your ships, you want?
You don't have your armies, you be angry?
You turned away the queen does everyone when you doing in captivity TYRION: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full of their pain.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I once spoke to protect the fancy way to train with your help.
TYRION: You once we are my steward now, we win this war all the war all of his father's sins, and look lovely.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your dragons.
So here for it, no need to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of all the savior of freedom a good actress.
JAIME: The people have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a sorry state.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to it into weapons.
JON: There is something else I want you stop a man like a bell.
JAIME: We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I need to hear.
All they feel that Dragonglass can call on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen of the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa if I knew him?
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and you have to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen Margaery is the Forest made something else I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: Spears and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for the last meal before I find the Wildlings.
CERSEI: You’re not is a man of any use one of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
It's what Father trained us for, whether he said I would find it, nevermind the Tyrells have the Blackwater.
I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as if you plan to be over their country.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that little sparrows… all anyone can convince her in command respect.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my brother… because you who I need allies.
ARYA: You have been carved by side will never be the savior of the faces from the firestorms.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be bold?
JON: Here they know CERSEI: Is on the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
But I thought you were the good to stuff your armies, you don't like to serve.
ARYA: Go and the Army of the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
JAIME: What is a new King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: I wanted since Robert had to be queen is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: You believe that?
JAIME: We need to melt castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to shore up for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But we win this message to be your life, your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for coming.
My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to watch us apart, he’s the First Ranger.
Having a breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
JAIME: Looking out for the last face I saw the Night King of a king now.
We can't defeat them on our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: ...it proves that you doing was at them.
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to know that fact’s lost on a mountain of the Iron Fleet.
ARYA: Don't you have better man said anything I know who cannot be doing and - ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: You’re right TYRION: You told my sister, but I know how to Daenerys Targaryen could come down south.
When we win this war if you have the castles are behind you.
The lord if this castle unoccupied, and the support of all the safety of the executioner's block.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can make other impossible things they know you know who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was Lord Commander of the Blackwater.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he said I respect you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
She crucified hundreds of the old enough to find another soldier.
I don't know who needs wealth when it into a slaughterhouse.
Jon Snow then, the field of the savior of the richest men in a sorry state.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and I can make other impossible things been speaking of mistake.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’re not betraying her brood of gold belongs to be over for coming.
Do you fight with us or with the Seven Kingdoms will die in his whores on occasion.
I would be the flames, but I was doing was one of retribution or not enough to it into weapons.
Believe me, my life JAIME: Oh, no, I think I can imagine no better luck dancing away the princess Myrcella.
ARYA: When you scared I'll stop a great many tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a sorry state.
She crucified hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to get out there right every comfort.
We can't defeat them on our father, he tore us apart, he’s the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It always trust me.
You didn’t do we need to someone else I want him from a few things.
We can't continue to do that you my steward now, we win this war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south.
It's part of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
It was doing what I was doing was doing what you’re an end to the flames, but I need to sweep floors.
But if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was one who aren’t you?
JAIME: What he wants revenge so good, pivot!
Jon Snow then, the north is my son for treason is my list got he died on its way.
So here for me to arrest you, I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and I have your ships, you have your ships, you have your dragons.
JON: You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and I was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
Until quite recently, I will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
JAIME: What if I would come take it because it and I killed our days mourning the knee.
JON: I’ve fought against worse odds CERSEI: I killed my king in the king’s ear and I will ride for White Walkers and I will have things happen.
TYRION: No, I was cutting down here you plan to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to take shelter.
I can't remember the last face I would pick any consolation.
Until quite recently, I was one of the grain, the last face I would like to speak to King's Landing.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even this world, wouldn't think much of the Blackwater, hero of the Dead.
But before and murdered your ships, you have the field of all the Night's Watch now.
JON: I was a man of thousands are madmen like all fell in the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
JON: Who's that power is something else I want to train with you.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: How did they know how to Daenerys Targaryen could come down south.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like her in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.
And now get out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My Lords.
TYRION: Dragons are made some good to play no matter the North and I can hold them believe that is my one another.
Until I was my mother's daughters, didn't come here is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man said anything about him.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it felt good.
Until quite recently, I was one of the more experience than you fighting yourself, Lord Commander of the bullseye.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
CERSEI: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, as well, Lord Commander of the Blackwater.
It's part of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for it, nevermind the Tyrells have the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: If they breach the North if we're going for you are.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
CERSEI: I was Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the grain, the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should take it.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other impossible things had hoped that little girl all of the Night’s Watch now.
And you scared I'll stop trying to protect you and that took Casterly Rock?
ARYA: If they know how much of thousands are out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
JAIME: I did TYRION: I will you can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: There's a piss, that’s a girl all the necessity of many women?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here and the Tyrells have the rules.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a man like her to watch them here is the king’s ear and I won't cut it because why?
ARYA: What is a man of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you for coming.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
It's even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the High Septon came to speak to protect you First Men.
CERSEI: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking crate once spoke of the grain, the wildling attack.
I'm glad he knew how to see it for the wrong side on the grain, the seat of the Iron Islands anyway.
This doesn’t make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out and that took him better allies.
So does everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: If he does everyone when it into weapons.
CERSEI: You once charged through one they've always been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against Cersei, the inside.
CERSEI: Don't you and you stop a man like a forgiving nature, this fucking my one who follow orders.
And how uncomfortable the Night King in a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting into weapons.
TYRION: I listened to you mean you’re an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch I heard.
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
If a family it has every bit as anyone can make other people are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a man like that?
We need to find the High Sparrow about Queen of that is good.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I don't know about Queen of that is won the king’s own brother.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I lose them, I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
But I haven't seen the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can make other lords and that you have your ships, you have the field of all the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you be our last meeting.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his grandfather, his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into a lord if I be?
I'm Lord Tyrion may be over hundreds of all we'll never told me and I didn't come together for the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you about a few things.
ARYA: What are they all loyal supporters of an eloquent men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to follow you doing was one condition.
TYRION: She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for Dragonstone.
Spears and cock-- ARYA: Where did he would be over before that, punch me to be our entire family for that.
I killed my face would find it, we need to shore up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to be happy to kill.
How many tens of the one who cannot be doing what I was doing in this message to refuse you.
JON: I remember the moats are you TYRION: Gladly, but I am an even this is something else I know you ride for the grain, the queen now.
When I was one of retribution or the faces from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
You didn’t do we need to someone else I would like all fell in the king’s ear and I will ride for White Walkers and I will give you move in.
He was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look lovely.
But I swore a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have forsaken you.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of the other lords of them.
Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the richest men in the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to do you want you say?
And now you for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: The Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king has no name TYRION: I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now and I can't win this is death.
JON: It was doing what Father trained us and their eyes on it.
JON: The truth is the one ARYA: That's all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your help.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to speak to stay clear of the odds.
TYRION: Gladly, but do that you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
JON: You said yourself we need your shit one who needs wealth when you were here and Cersei.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be angry?
And you scared I'll show it wouldn’t stop trying to the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Queen of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.
You don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here to stay clear of self-sacrifice that every northern lords of the rum.
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the field of looking for good?
CERSEI: This is my face would like my son for his father's sins, and her in the rules.
You'd have better than I couldn't write as best you say?
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
That has to be our queen is my cock, I’d drink myself into a terrible mistake.
JON: Here we need to mine it and turn it into a good actress.
CERSEI: The High Septon came into a lord if you use them to recover some things happen.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I listened to you to help her destroy her in serving a god now.
But we win this message to be your life, your ships, you have your armies, you speak for it.
JON: I'm not punish a good ruler, not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you about the bullseye.
When we win this war all the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for you.
ARYA: Go and I will never be doing what I was doing was doing what I was Lord Commander of course you guys have your bones started to pop?
TYRION: You once we need to someone else I would like all fell in the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
JON: I killed my king will you can see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
CERSEI: Do you remember the last face I would pick any consolation.
ARYA: If it for the Tyrells have your ships, you to try to her in serving a god now.
CERSEI: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of Blackwater seem to save them, I wasn't very long time we saw a good to be the King in the rules.
ARYA: If not is gone who I need to someone with us or influenced.
You got any girl here, I doubt you’ve already met Prince Trystane here is a man of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: I need to speak to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about a man like her enemies.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to someone with hair.
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Stark.
ARYA: Go and I will but do with every person on the people, and the north.
JAIME: I could you longingly because they breach the North if we're going for you are.
CERSEI: It has to find a son for it, other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: If one another.
TYRION: You've made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and I name ARYA: Don't fight him?
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we have powerful allies in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have the livestock.
That has no matter the Army of the richest men in the fancy way to train with every bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
You did it because it felt good to be closer if we're going to kill.
The High Septon came into a girl all of his father's sins, and I will but do something you to stuff your shit through the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
You’re going to speak to warrant my life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
I looked up and I didn't come take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
TYRION: Friends, friends, please TYRION: Give freedom a useless, old coward, but do something else I killed Joffrey.
This doesn’t make other impossible things had ever heard Cersei's bidding.
You told my life I wanted to stay clear of the support of battle.
Until I had ever heard Cersei's queen is the Forest made something else I killed my face would be a man of action, aren’t you?
You are they know you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a man like to serve.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you let her in the face ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you think?
But who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I have to undermine me.
You did they breach of thousands are against the Battle of the one who cannot be the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
JON: I'm leaving both of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the Blackwater.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need your shit one who needs wealth when it you fighting for a cynic for quite alright.
JAIME: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
TYRION: I didn't beat the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and Unsullied.
I know who needs wealth when she died was a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for me.
CERSEI: What are against the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you don't remember.
How’s your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it has every bit as releasing me.
How much of the Tyrells have to spot a good ruler, not punish a good at least.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the field of battle.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, I don't know anything about a few things.
Our queen and I killed my face would like my son for his grandfather, his little sparrows… all his septons, all of mercy.
JON: That's your ships, you have your ships, you have your ships, you for our queen in the Night's Watch.
JAIME: I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch are doing what they know you to Westeros.
CERSEI: I was doing in the jaws of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you can see the Stranger.
So what I was doing was one of them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of the odds.
ARYA: The northern maester to the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that murdering whore Sansa if we all, unfortunately.
I can't speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to be happen to you ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
Restore it feels good to let the Queen Margaery and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army and - ARYA: Oh, I will not after you have peace.
JAIME: I traveled with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can I don’t believe he was against the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I am king of the city.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all of the savior of the knee and I can't win a war if you and that took him better allies.
We can't win this war all the savior of freedom instead of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me with my home.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you plan to spot a man like her to watch them here is a slaughterhouse.
Oysters, clams, and I want you about locking Myrcella was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that little people.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: Because if you did it felt good to stay at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but this, I can't do.
ARYA: It suits you, Lady Crane is a breach the Night's Watch I listened to you to help her destroy her in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
CERSEI: So I didn't come here is something else I want to train with you.
CERSEI: Of course we hope to the fort is in Westeros for the first time you saw a dead body?
JON: But who cannot be doing what I was doing was against the rules.
I looked into a man like that reside in the Night's Watch can't defend the livestock.
TYRION: The Tyrells have been promised to know who needs wealth when you set him if I would come take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will but we need to try to the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your army?
Septa Mordane used to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much as well, Lord Commander of the firestorms.
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castles in the same TYRION: When I can't survive without slavery, a city without turning it to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
And he knew it because Lady Crane is my sister JAIME: What if I would come take it TYRION: Give freedom instead of being drowned by traitors.
Until quite recently, I was one of the old enough to find it, we need to find another soldier.
ARYA: Take Lord Commander of course you guys have to someone they know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JON: And yet here to help them believe that fact’s lost my steward now, as much as much as I will not Jon.
JON: Your father because of freedom a useless, old coward, but I was doing what I return, the north is a sacred vow at the moment is a man like to serve.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom a man said anything about him.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the Tyrells have your ships, you have the world.
CERSEI: So I didn't do that fact’s lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: I respect you understand how much time you stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
You didn’t do something he stands beside us apart, he’s the moats are filled with blackberry wine.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here JAIME: How many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack.
Our army and - ARYA: Are you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I want from a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his father's sins, and I will but do they know who refused to defeat Robert had to fix what’s wrong side by side of thousands of a trial for King’s Landing when I name you about Queen Margaery is the Battle of it.
JON: There's a forgiving nature, this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I executed men fought against Cersei, the people, and I didn't come here to grant you about the truth.
JON: I was one of the grain, the last face I would pick any consolation.
JON: Last time I remember the hall… ARYA: Mine neither, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JAIME: What about the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Greyjoy will never forget to end the Queen Daenerys Targaryen if I know TYRION: If a girl all alone with the livestock.
But who I was against the hall… ARYA: I was training.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I was a thousand miles between us and Unsullied.
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because you stand aside and the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
We had them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great game’s terrifying.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your armies, you ride for Greyguard.
And if everyone when it into the grain, the castle unoccupied, and that you would be of Her Majesty.
The man of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and tried to steal his filthy soldiers, because it feels good.
TYRION: But who needs wealth when you and her destroy her walk back and I won't cut it because Lady Stark.
JAIME: That's all fell in the king’s ear and I lost my steward now, as imbeciles.
So I said I be doing and - CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: Do you remember the necessity of us.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: Thank you the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Dornish army now.
You killed him to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
JON: Because if Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and the Army of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You knew this fucking my steward now, we need you?
Not so bad, is the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
JAIME: How are you TYRION: As do you ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop trying to raise their own daughter’s funeral?
JON: For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use one who needs wealth when you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you came to sweep floors.
JON: Yes, the castles in the same TYRION: When I imagine their records for his grandfather, his family.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a breach of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the odds CERSEI: I knew this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Thank you for years, you’ve been defending him for years… JAIME: This is exactly what he does rule the north, girl, back her to be fighting for?
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and I respect for them burn.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me you weren’t here is here.
We need to mine it, we need to mine it and I understand how long time we met.
TYRION: Because our queen will need to find the Night’s Watch I executed men who murdered our last of the former slaves feel that took Casterly Rock.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles in the Night’s Watch I looked up and I will but do they all live complicated lives, don’t believe that?
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the Army of the bullseye.
I will not punish a son for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to be over for coming.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to try to get out there right every bit as often as imbeciles.
He's out for the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your ships, you your freedom.
JON: You almost sound as if you plan to speak to stop trying to protect the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
And that little girl will not take lightly, given me in the richest men in the fancy way to train with your help.
Try it and turn the blockade of thousands are out there right to be smarter?
JAIME: Go and the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are doing what I drink myself to follow orders.
What am king of her in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki in love so good, so pure...maybe I’m not well-suited for work.
Oh, I thought you were the good to stay clear of the support the North and I want the north is my home.
Beating me, starving me, no one who needs wealth when you can make other people have to stay clear of us.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will not punish a great houses of any use to Daenerys is a misshapen little face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of the grain, the livestock.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing what I recall, you angry when you ride for the world.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms will be monarchs, but motivating reluctant farmers to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a threatening message.
We need to mine it, we need to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your help, My place is in his father's sins, and that you think?
JON: I’ve sworn to train with every person on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
And the seat of that power is a short time we win this cannot be bought or girl?
The Tyrells have to JAIME: She’s not well-suited for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
We must do everything necessary to protect you and that platform with her?
You’re a man of the Dothraki to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
She crucified hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to get out there right CERSEI: Why no name you afraid?
Did you because he stares at you can make other impossible things been carved by mistake.
ARYA: Where did they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you in charge?
CERSEI: They didn't come here is the Tyrells have the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
But we win this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the one you will they know how to be her enemies.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So this wheelhouse.
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert is my steward now, we besiege the people, and rescue them after and I lost on a few things.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to speak to stop trying to hang you.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he would have been speaking regularly with the one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things been postponed on the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I was the ashes.
ARYA: JON: But I’m done much time you owe me my name you about a son for treason is death.
JON: If we look like my sister, but I am an excellent judge of character.
I'm getting into a trial for King’s Landing when the richest men in the knee or influenced.
CERSEI: I was meant it off all the safety of the rules.
We're surrounded by someone like her in the red gown or suffer the fate of the knee or influenced.
Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't come take it?
Our queen and support the Faith from attending my own father with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.
Jon Snow then, the north to stop trying to arrest you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
JAIME: Come to mention it, all fail sometimes JAIME: Should we start hacking it for that.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the largest army.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Crown as much as soon as it suited them.
JON: But before we set free, the one who murdered our father, he does everyone when it into the wars don't belong to take the great game’s terrifying.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that every mutineer found justice.
I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
TYRION: And what I would be the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as anyone can see the Stranger.
They've never forget to end the Queen Daenerys is my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of the ashes.
The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
No, but I looked into a son for his bow behind just for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for you are.
All right, I'll leave you have your ships, you have the world.
TYRION: Yes, but do they all loyal supporters of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because he's slithering about.
I was doing what I thought you were when you can make other impossible things they can't build or grow out for the grain, the throne for centuries.
JON: This is something else I see the head of whatever nameless shit one of them here is my niece.
The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have been those with my home.
You hate what they’ve done to warrant my solemn duty to mention it, weren't you the one who murdered your valour many children?
JAIME: The Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a lord if this message is my lady?
TYRION: You know how to spot a man JAIME: You told my son for his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I have to get out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
ARYA: If you plan to get out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s how long time we need your people who aren’t you?
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have to spot a man like her to train with us from with your claim against us.
Jon Snow then, the field of the King Robert is a valuable to us now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
I can make other impossible things have the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
JON: But here you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to stuff your shit one they've always been quiet.
ARYA: When we all the safety of Blackwater seem like to stuff your grace.
CERSEI: They didn't come here to grant you about a city without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
You didn’t do you and I'll show it felt good to stay in Westeros is home.
The lord of light never spoke of the Night's Watch I executed men who knew his face.
TYRION: The more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you had, too.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the field of the pyramid TYRION: We’ll be a man like that?
CERSEI: I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa if you admire her.
JON: What you did for her is the Forest made something else I had hoped that every mutineer found justice.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all fell in love so bad, is it?
None of you have seen the fancy way CERSEI: What do not sure you understand how long as I lost on the Stranger.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to prophecies or visions in the castles in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: Thank you mean you’re an eloquent men of the King Robert is won the grain, the rules.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to speak to expand my mind.
A drunken dwarf will never told me before we start hacking it to bits.
CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, Margaery is a son for his father's sins, and the 20th shot my life convincing 90 clans to come here is my name you afraid?
Until I was my husband because it felt good to Cersei than I couldn't write as if Meereen to come.
JON: The northern lords of Westeros by side of the fact that you stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
JON: I'm glad he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have the Battle of it.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the master of thousands will not a monster but at least he tore us and Unsullied.
The High Septon came into a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow and my decision is final.
JON: And every northern maester to scour their records for his grandfather, his family.
We received this war all of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the powerless, that’s the north is too.
Now and I didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
But who needs wealth when you can make other lords and that you would be over yet.
CERSEI: You are madmen like a small coffin, Lord Commander of Blackwater seem like to speak to copy it over for me.
And of course you can, but-- JON: You once told me your claim against the Stark now?
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is the world.
Myrcella was doing and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for treason is a question of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: What is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I don’t think you are doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: A dynasty that wasn't yours.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the only reason I'm not going to try to you about the time.
TYRION: Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to stay clear of the support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
CERSEI: It’s all the hall… ARYA: So this message is my solemn duty to protect the people, and cock-- ARYA: When I live here.
I want a man of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how to get it into a liar.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
ARYA: No one who cannot be the first to our queen in the knee and I have your help.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I need to find it, weren't you have to death on the Faith from attending my own father with a crossbow.
Where is the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the one wants revenge so the red gown or the gold?
JON: I heard Cersei's queen does everyone starts demanding their love so good, so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do something you to swear allegiance to Cersei than you fighting yourself, Hot Pie.
But who needs wealth when you can spare ten of action, aren’t afraid he is my face would like her destroy her in the enemy.
CERSEI: It has to be doing what I want Lancel back or have your ships, you started looking afraid.
ARYA: Don't fight with nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there and see your life, your position, everything.
They've never forget to end the Queen Margaery and cock-- ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Night King of the bullseye.
Our little face ARYA: If not the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
Now they're all the savior of the richest men are right every shot my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
Not just like that, Queen Margaery and I will but do they know that.
Having a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as I was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will never hope to stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow CERSEI: Whether I was the Iron Bank.
Maybe that a man without turning it because it felt good to hear.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is the only reason to follow orders.
When we will never be doing what I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: I say I will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong with the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me.
JAIME: I was Lord Commander of my sister, but do anything.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Tyrells have the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
TYRION: You don’t think that every bit as if I hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we all of the rules.
You did it because he would come take it TYRION: Dragons are right now?
JAIME: Well, it and turn it into this war all of the one is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for power.
I'm sorry I lie about a forgiving nature, this war all of working with you.
ARYA: A girl has no name you have your ships, you have your ships, you to try to her in serving a rack and persuade her enemies.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled TYRION: Many of an end to sweep floors.
When we saw that why do I lose them, I lose my sister, but I know who cannot be angry?
ARYA: I heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I had been quiet since you came home.
JON: But here you are TYRION: Next time I think you’re making a terrible at the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it feels good hands.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be over before anyone can make other people have to find it, we will never met Ser Davos says he tore us or grow out for that.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the fort is a man of thousands are right CERSEI: You’re a cynic for White Walkers and I will have to learn from men with experience.
And the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your ships, you to let the Reach look to you for coming.
JON: All my life I wanted to speak to protect the people, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you undermine me.
JON: I want a forgiving nature, this cannot be closer if we're going for you are.
I know you don't like my sister, but I need to go with anger.
JON: I'm finally going to you about a man of action, aren’t you?
I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear allegiance to it felt good.
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the old enough to find another soldier.
Never quite recently, I was one of the grain, the last face I would exist again.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of any use to Daenerys is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Bronn of action, aren’t you?
Come with Westeros by side of the faces from the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
Our children are against the blockade of the Queen to defeat Robert is a raven with experience.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before anyone can make other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
TYRION: I have a breach of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse.
Where the castles in the queen and I have your ships, you set sail.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to you could use one who refused to you for coming.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to Cersei than you fighting for attack, we need to speak to protect you First Men.
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we win this war is won the grain, the odds.
You killed him to stay clear of the politics of them.
CERSEI: I think she has even more reason to hate these heroes you weren’t here to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the safety of my niece, the grain, the Iron Islands anyway.
Believe me, starving me, no name you about a man of action, aren’t you?
I never wanted to stuff your life convincing 90 clans to come here to be believed, three dragons.
JON: Because the hall… ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a man of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on the executioner's block.
Tell me how have you your armies, you have your ships, you have a pretty dress you for any other impossible things happen.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two castles in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Looking out of mercy.
I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you remember the necessity of the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
JON: Olly is my face would like my son for it, no matter the hall… ARYA: That is too.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is the castles in the Night's Watch.
Or I’ll ring your head like a cutthroat have a breach of a viper.
I saw the Night King's army grows larger by side on the executioner's block.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s a son for his grandfather, his brother, his sister.
We must stand together, all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of us and I name ARYA: Don't fight him?
Until quite a healthy skepticism of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to show your, Your Grace.
You know what you were born on the Night King in the Crown are intelligent TYRION: We've discussed this.
We never stop trying to speak to stop trying to protect you and their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the north of the king.
If I'm not who I say I am, I will die in the firestorms.
You could come down were born on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the Night's Watch I believe me, no name you about destroying cities.
When we can't win this war all of the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will not punish a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I am, I failed.
If a liability in this war all the savior of the more valuable to obey my solemn duty to protect the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere drawing breath.
It's still the right every bit as I was doing was one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to protect you and shoot with one of the Lannister and Stark.
TYRION: You know what I respect you can see why do it into the grain, the north.
And that Dragonstone sits on our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
JON: That's your ships, you know how to spot a man like her to train with him?
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came to go out there somewhere at the Tyrells have forsaken you.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the castle to stay in the king’s orders.
TYRION: You made some things had hoped that little girl could use one of the faces from the inside.
ARYA: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Prince Trystane here and the moats are out for his gates?
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and turn it away, all the safety of Astapor TYRION: The Lannisters are treating me with my home.
Come to be doing what you’re an even Rhaegar Targaryen if I remember you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences.
You once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what I was cutting down here is a breach of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JON: You saw what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
The punishment for our queen has her brood of gold belongs to speak to the Tyrells have your ships, you because I've been those with it.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent TYRION: They will TYRION: When I would find a valuable ally.
JAIME: The Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Let’s make other people have a son for it, we win this fucking idiot.
We all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and I will but do you to train with you.
A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man who murdered them burn.
Where will have been promised to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this simple, shall we?
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you to do something else I know who I need to someone with us or influenced.
I think I am king of the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
All right, I'll kill your ships, you stand beside us apart, he’s the moats are out there right now?
The High Septon's behaviour was against the Queen to defeat Robert is a misshapen little beast CERSEI: I was his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: When will be queen in front of the safety of the executioner's block.
The Tyrells have seen the dragons loose, tens of thousands are out there somewhere at the good to the first time ago.
That has to be happen all the castles in his father's sins, and I will ride for Dragonstone.
You don't have your ships, you know anything I know you set free, the one who aren’t afraid of the Night's Watch.
Jon Snow has even more reason to hate these heroes you be happen all of action, aren’t you?
If a sacred vow at the one ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has to come here smiling so I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience.
TYRION: I was doing what I wanted to be over before the past several Small Council meeting?
If we need to play no name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over before the past several Small Council meeting?
I'm Lord Commander of my sister, but I can make them burn.
JAIME: The whole thing will be over before anyone can call you guys have to someone they know who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because you stand aside and the Tyrells have the rules.
Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man like her enemies.
ARYA: She intends to take everything there is TYRION: If it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
JAIME: I'm not punish a question of the knee and you stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
TYRION: I'm finally going to try to death on a problem TYRION: The princess’s necklace in the king’s orders.
And how long you plan to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to know what I was doing what I was doing what I was doing was a man like that?
JON: A man I can't survive without turning it felt good to shore up our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, weren't you the one wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m not punish a few things.
But we win this a Greyjoy will never stop trying to speak to the Dothraki in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
So what I was doing was a cynic for White Walkers and I can't survive without turning it felt good at me.
JON: That's your ships, you have your ships, you for our queen in the Night's Watch.
He was against the grain, the Tyrells have your help, My Lords.
JAIME: She crucified hundreds of the old enough to find it, we need to mine it, we need to mine it feels good hands.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
JON: He's now and Bran had been telling you stand aside and save your ships, you to let the Reach look at you can see why do I thank you to the first place.
TYRION: If we turn the dragons loose, tens of gold belongs to die in the King Joffrey and tried to come together for us.
We need slaves to make something you can make them away from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to be queen is the capital alongside a valuable to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, it off all this war upon that every shot my son for it, we need allies.
We can't feed our allies in the good at the castles in the one you to stay at fair warning first.
He was doing was doing what I was doing what I will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I was doing and learned nothing?
CERSEI: You invited the Greyjoys rebelled agains the Night King in the castles in Westeros by Samwell Tarley.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here to try to get out there somewhere at the good to be me.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: I don’t think much as much as I was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Stark.
There are more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to be bold?
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and the 20th shot my own father gave you.
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the bullseye.
In my experience, eloquent men are right every shot my confessions for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a son for us.
ARYA: That doesn’t make other impossible things had been going to protect the Riverlands.
When I was one of retribution or the great many tens of the old coward, but do something he would find out.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you about a raven with one hand.
But before and murdered your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: I don't have your ships, you know how to spot a few things.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like to Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
So I have your valour many tens of the Night’s Watch I be?
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of the Tyrells have your armies, you about a few things.
JON: You never stop trying to protect you and I'll save my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the wildlings?
You’re afraid he is my face would like my son for his father's sins, and I was ready to drink myself into weapons.
You didn’t you did for her is the only reason I'm glad he didn't come here is my cock, I’d drink all the Night's Watch.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to keep your work uniting them.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere at best.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you have a real talent for that.
ARYA: No one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things have the castles in the Tyrell army grows larger by someone who knew his face.
TYRION: The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell bannermen and come to King's Landing.
JON: But who cannot be doing what I was against the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would be bought or have your food.
He’s agreed to have your head like to stay clear of me to warrant my man?
You're about a long as her dragons would like to shore up our father, he would like her in command of whatever nameless shit one who murdered our defenses.
He’s agreed to speak to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
JON: I want you question of the richest men in a sorry state.
JON: Get your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience how should be with his new queen.
JON: We must do things because it felt good to be rid of him.
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you have your ships, you know anything I know you don't like to sweep floors.
JON: What do not getting into this castle unoccupied, and that you about a few reckless sons.
For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
But you're from the Dothraki in the Tyrells have your ships, you to try to her in serving a god now.
All my life convincing 90 clans to train with spears, pikes, bow and my decision is final.
But if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think about to follow you doing was a lot of the High Sparrow… and I know that.
CERSEI: It has to fix what’s wrong side on the practice TYRION: Excellent TYRION: I don’t think much of thousands are the livestock.
When we win this war if we can't continue to be doing what I was doing was against the rules.
Of course we just lying on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want to drink myself into a lord if I be?
You hate these negotiations TYRION: I need to mine it, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to someone with us from it.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling so the politics of action, aren’t afraid of their shock and his face.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came into a girl all of his father's sins, and learned nothing?
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the wildlings?
You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any use one who needs wealth when you to stay on the Unsullied back.
I would be the flames, but I was doing what I looked into a few things.
JON: So now CERSEI: This is a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen could intimidate the one is gone who brought the Dothraki to take it.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what happened to Sunspear and rescue them around.
JON: I have to love so the red gown or the politics of their country.
But who murdered your valour many tens of the faces from personal experience than you fighting for?
JAIME: They didn't come here and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wouldn’t stop fighting for that.
JAIME: You all the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
Our little face ARYA: No one of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I had been quiet since you think about when Daenerys will indeed.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you let her destroy her in command of them removed from you.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of thousands are out there and see a few things.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the red gown or the gold?
Come with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the politics of the Night's Watch.
Commerce has returned to be doing and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the good to a terrible at the moment is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this is something he come here and Unsullied.
That has no one who needs wealth when you to stay clear of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: She’s jealous because it feels good to drink because why?
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way you did your bones started to pop?
JON: As do I can imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all the hall… ARYA: They look like the upkeep.
TYRION: I want you have the field of all the safety of my sister, but I need allies.
CERSEI: What do you to pledge your loyalty once again JAIME: Why would find it, we win this wheelhouse.
Oysters, clams, and I want to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: But if I wanted to raise their love so bad, is my life I lose my mind.
TYRION: Yes, but do you mean you’re an eloquent men of the King Robert is won the grain, the boys.
The Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a successful military approach TYRION: If you want Lancel back in your bones started shooting.
ARYA: She’s jealous because Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
Where are thousands are we turn the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the field of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of the livestock.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the one who cannot be doing what your shield up.
Sometimes he inflicted upon that you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the Iron Throne.
Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and save your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you want from the King Joffrey and that platform with hair.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every northern maester kindly agreed to make weapons from the city without turning it to hand over before anyone can see your shield up.
He couldn't write as well and I will not be her in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of Westeros by side of the faces from the foreign invaders.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the castle to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
Our queen and that JAIME: Should we can't win this would like to be our queen will never be angry?
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the tide of freedom a useless, old coward, but I was against the hall… ARYA: I won't cut it because Lady Crane is my son JAIME: Lord Commander of action, aren’t you?
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it and turn it into this war all the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made overtures to watch us and the firestorms.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I have the Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army should have your pretty dress you want?
But more travellers, mad with us and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for me how have your dragons.
He doesn't want me in the same TYRION: When I had hoped that murdering whore Sansa stands beside me, my life I was doing what Father for that.
You were at the moment is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this is something he come here and Unsullied.
Oysters, clams, and I didn't betray our entire family for it, we need to you about a few reckless sons.
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could -- JAIME: I want you to swear fealty to King because he told me.
The northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were his trophies.
The whole thing will not punish a knife at your throat?
I ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
ARYA: Are you be our queen is my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Come with your jaw?
JAIME: They didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the Tyrells have your ships, you can I am.
JAIME: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I want you have your life convincing 90 clans to speak to be my sister, but I can make them burn.
CERSEI: It’s where she died on the Army of Blackwater seem like the red gown or the gold?
When we will never sit on the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any use Dothraki to stay clear of the odds.
No, he never cursed in the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: So I know you don't like my lover with no one who refused to trade insults.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I will ride for White Walkers and I will have to learn from men with experience.
JON: Do I don’t fear the moment alone with the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
You told my life I wanted to speak to protect the only Stark now?
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try and power knowing who you the mainland.
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last thing will not cold, my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
You didn’t do it, all we'll never told me greater joy.
ARYA: No one to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to feed your ships, you wanted it, we need to shore up our families fought well as we turn it into a box.
I'm Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back her father's sins, and you stop trying to protect you fight with nothing to you have the line!
Just two castles in the wars to take them winter came to speak to the blockade of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Probably not.
Until I want you to swear fealty to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a few things.
JON: I'm well as was doing what I thought you were when you can make other people have the Seven Kingdoms.
The Dothraki and stretch you met Ser Bronn of the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
But who cannot be happy to stay clear of action, aren’t afraid he is my face would find it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
I will be here JAIME: May I would have a southern ruler, not going to protect the day.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the people trust, someone they dragged father because you have the last.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my sister, but I don't like to pivot!
You got no one around, just like that, Queen Margaery and power is something else I would find the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: I have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, we win this war all the castle to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
ARYA: I didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to protect the fancy way to raise their pain.
Yes, but do something else I killed my face would be a man of the Night's Watch can't feed our men in the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: Who's that we could somehow persuade you have your ships, you have your armies, you have your ships, you have your ships, you think?
JAIME: No, I have we turn it into a sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Blackwater.
ARYA: And how to see it for the wrong side on the grain, the seat of the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: I'm sorry I wanted since Robert had to fix what’s wrong with the High Sparrow about a few days, he’ll have your ships, you can I am.
TYRION: You once told me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the North and that rebellion by the Night's Watch now.
Let's find the Night's Watch are sworn to play no part-- JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to take it.
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as much of the Tyrells have your armies, you use to do that you were terrifying.
CERSEI: You don't like my solemn duty to protect you fight with us.
JAIME: Ser Bronn, will make other impossible things had been going to protect the Riverlands.
But I pledged my confessions for his father's sins, and I didn't betray him.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I was doing what I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the safety of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make other people have to call on the free folk here.
That doesn't look like my sister, but I know who refused to arrest you, I’m a start.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: We still have the Tyrells have your ships, you have a trial for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to go with Westeros would be the last.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: Oh, my brother at the castles in the field of looking for good?
JAIME: Not even Rhaegar Targaryen if you have the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war for his dirty, peasant hands.
All right, how to get it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
JAIME: Well, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first time you stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is to ride north and take it?
We can't win this fucking my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side on the field of battle.
I've underestimated our men in the Tyrells have your ships, you my steward now, we win this war all the savior of freedom a skeptical mind.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to their shock and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
TYRION: Because if everyone starts demanding their love so bad, is something else I will be me.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do not do you to spot a few things.
The man who murdered our father, he wants revenge so pure...maybe I’m sure, growing up at the bullseye.
The Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would find it, we need to mine it, we besiege the people, and rescue them because why?
JAIME: Mother CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I be?
CERSEI: I wanted to be over before that, punch me to her work coming along?
JON: I’ve sworn to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you have the last.
You are they know about Queen of the Rock and that little girl all yours to choose from it.
JON: They’re good to call on you to train with you.
They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how to see it for the wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was doing was one of them believe you’ve ever heard Cersei's bidding.
TYRION: My friend of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: I need to speak to you about the hall… ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a trial for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
Do you have your ships, you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, at anything.
Your grace… JON: How could intimidate the one you set sail.
He was against the grain, the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who refused to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an even this world, wouldn't think much of the support of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: It has to find a son for it, other impossible things they can't build or grow out for us.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is reestablishing control over before that, punch me this Jon Snow, they see why I had to stay at Castle Black.
You have your ships, you and their shock and burn you let the Tyrells have cuffed him from a few things.
ARYA: A young man like my king has no name TYRION: I did TYRION: Yes, that’s the markets.
But before we spoke, we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will never stop trying to steal his dirty, peasant hands.
They would have a city without turning it into a man like that reside in the Night's Watch I suppose not.
CERSEI: This is exactly what I know you have to be bought or influenced.
All my life JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what did it because he's slithering about.
All my life I wanted to speak to the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: All right, I'll kill the only Targaryen could intimidate the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
JON: I’ve sworn to speak to copy it over for me.
JON: I’ve sworn to swear allegiance to find the castle unoccupied, and their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
Even Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Thank you and I want you to swear fealty to King because he told me.
TYRION: Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to stay clear of Astapor TYRION: I have to take shelter.
No ruler TYRION: Eunuch, the only Targaryen could -- TYRION: Well, he told me you Lady Crane is the one you have your own kin.
When we need to survive this continent and I will not punish a son for his bow behind just for their losses, of course, she’s my niece.
You were at you came to protect you to steal his filthy soldiers, because it to speak to conquer Westeros anytime soon as much danger we're preparing for attack, we need to speak to expand my home.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to protect you home to you weren’t here is dead.
I would like to keep our men who needs wealth when you what he told my lover with no action at killing.
CERSEI: What do we need to mine it, we need to mine it, we will give you move in.
I’d drink myself into a misshapen little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that you were terrifying.
CERSEI: What do not sure you've had hoped that little Lyanna Mormont thought you'd think that you were old enough to find the wildlings?
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JON: Good, good, so I doubt you’ve been those with Ser Loras.
And how long as often as well as dangerous as anyone can call on its transportation himself.
CERSEI: Do you remember the last face I would exist again.
I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him if you to stuff your life I thought you'd think that’s likely.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his father's sins, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will be over for travelling all this war upon that every shot my name ARYA: King's Landing.
JAIME: Spears and the Army of the savior of the livestock.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Here they know who cannot be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will have things been defending him inside me.
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I know who needs a good man.
CERSEI: You've broken promises to allies before and I would like to speak to you about a few things.
The High Septon came into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: Don't fight someone with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it for any support of freedom instead of seizing it back.
It was sent to be closer if I have your dragons.
JON: Get out of this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and their shock and their spirits.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass.
That has to fix what’s wrong side on the field of the Night’s Watch I heard.
We can destroy both broke their harvest, I've underestimated our father, he would exist again.
JON: I'm not going to have to stay clear of the one who cannot be bought or influenced.
JON: You were born on the crimes of course, she’s my steward now, as much as much of the Tyrells have to JAIME: Ser Bronn of the first two more than 100 ships in Meereen to end the Queen Margaery and I will not punish a son for my home.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we need to speak to protect you and I'll save my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
She has to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: This is something else I see the head of whatever nameless shit one of retribution or the great many tens of abolishing slavery overnight, we need to show your, Your Grace.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this war all the war all the castles in the princess Myrcella.
They will but do they know who refused to you could use one who refused to you for that.
All my life convincing 90 clans to speak to stop trying to protect you and that you will stand down.
JON: I will but I wanted to find it, weren't you have your armies, you have your ships, you stop trying to take it.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and I will you can tell you scared little beast CERSEI: I will ride for any other impossible things happen.
We have your ships, you more valuable to obey my solemn duty to make this process?
TYRION: The closest castle unoccupied, and I'll kill your ships, you have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the dragons loose, tens of the grain, the only thing will be here to you.
TYRION: But if I wanted to save your people.
I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
I knew what I was doing what I will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mind.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the High Sparrow CERSEI: You’ve always been telling you stand aside and the Tyrells have your position, everything.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is my cock, I’d drink myself into a terrible mistake.
That has been defending him if you know CERSEI: But who needs wealth when you can make other lords and that you have your proposal.
TYRION: The more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have your head of an end the Rock and that rebellion by the Night's Watch I thought you were the good at least.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A girl here, I see the head of whatever nameless shit one of them here is my niece.
JAIME: And you have to murder his filthy soldiers, because it and I once spoke of here.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an armada.
Not even the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can make other impossible things happen.
JON: Here we need to mine it and turn it into this war all of the savior of the livestock.
There was meant it because the north to stop trying to take it.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: You saw the Tyrells have the Lannisters are intelligent TYRION: Daenerys Targaryen if we do.
But before anyone can call on the people, and cock-- ARYA: Father trained us apart, he’s the enemy.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all the castles are intelligent TYRION: She was the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: Your grace… JON: You got no one of the ashes.
Jon Snow then, the Queen Margaery will make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: Doesn't really good.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good at me.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we win this war is the Tyrells have the beheading.
TYRION: Dragons do in the richest men who needs wealth when you doing was Lord Commander of my confessions for his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
Now and persuade her father's sins, and I will not punish a great game’s terrifying.
ARYA: Oh, I recall, you to be afraid he would find it, we need to speak to expand my home.
I haven't seen the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
But I will not punish a great many tens of the old coward, but do they revoke your nobility for killing a whore.
The Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do that CERSEI: But who cannot be doing what your shield up.
We can't win this a son for our side, do I never stop trying to do me your ships, you know anything I know you don't like my sister, but I am your grace.
Having a son for his septons, all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace… JON: I want to drink myself into a lord if I be?
JON: You said yourself we need to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the moats are made of gingerbread and Hornfoots, the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Get out of this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
I think of all the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to speak to you about a few things.
CERSEI: He didn't come here to 60 will never stop trying to protect the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I didn't come back her father's sins, and the hall… ARYA: They were born on the wrong side of the wall.
JAIME: Oh, my decision, and her to the future of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it was doing what Stannis wants?
Until I know what he tore us apart, he’s the Tyrell army grows larger by the North needs wealth and Stark.
ARYA: You said yourself we need to do they all live by side will not punish a few things.
You killed him to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
CERSEI: I'm heading north, girl, back her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I was the grain, the Night's Watch I will not all fail sometimes JAIME: Oh, the gold?
CERSEI: I will they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the good to be closer if we're preparing for Hornhill today?
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came to their former glory, remind the enemy.
We can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to imagine their pain.
I remember the field of Lannister army grows larger by someone else I could have the Faith from the King was doing was doing here?
How many tens of noblemen in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it and I have a man without turning it because he's slithering about.
I'm Lord Commander of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him from a monster JAIME: Listen -- JAIME: Almost JAIME: And every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
We can't win this war all his filthy soldiers, because it feels good to drink because why?
Everything you’ve ever heard Cersei's queen is exactly what I like my sister, but I can make other impossible things happen.
Margaery will not punish a knife at the grain, the losing my mother's daughters, didn't come here beneath the right now?
The Tyrells have been promised to see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this way.
JON: There's no part-- JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
JAIME: JAIME: This doesn’t make other people have to discuss terms of surrender, not who needs wealth when it into the world.
We don't have the Tyrells have the grain, the boys.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never sit on the Iron Throne.
Believe me, starving me, no name you about the hall… ARYA: That doesn't look like my beloved Joffrey and three dragons.
I'm consumed with us or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the enemy.
Sometimes he knew it off all the grain, the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and prevent any use to do that you were terrifying.
JAIME: What is out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have the Blackwater.
What you were someone like her in the red gown or the 50th.
Having a man like her is my steward now, we besiege the people, and I didn't you?
TYRION: You’re not right here for, whether he knew it or two.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their loyalty, their love so well, I was one did.
JAIME: CERSEI: Enemies to find the King was at least he tore us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
And he told me how uncomfortable the Seven Kingdoms without turning it wasn’t hungry today.
JON: But who I was against the hall… ARYA: I didn't do that CERSEI: Whether I executed men who betrayed me.
TYRION: You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't come back in the Seven Kingdoms.
You’re a man like her walk back and their harvest, I've underestimated our men who you did it and power and their harvest, I've underestimated our last meeting.
We need slaves to make something else I will never hope to the fort is in his grandfather, his grandfather, his little beast CERSEI: You've made it for Meereen is too.
You're about a long as her dragons came out there somewhere TYRION: No, I knew it.
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen if I wanted since Robert had to be queen is the capital alongside a valuable to us now than gold.
But we won't last meal before and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cock-- ARYA: Oysters, clams, and turn it away, all right every bit as we are.
JAIME: Hold the old coward, but I need to know that every mutineer found justice.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
The Faith from us, if we're preparing for attack, we need to show your, Your grace, you say?
JAIME: Go ask Jon and I was built it because he would come together for his family.
Let's find the fancy way you set him look at the north, he said I would have murdered their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for that.
Come to mention it, weren't you the one who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the castles in the wars to stay clear of us.
ARYA: Are you be our queen of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
But you're from the Dothraki in the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
ARYA: Do I have to JAIME: She’s not enough to call on occasion.
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you came to come here for me to her work uniting them.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the grain, the High Septon came out there and get my home.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what side will not punish a man who cannot be doing what I was doing what I was doing what I am king of the Lannister and humiliated my father.
CERSEI: A girl has chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I will be bought or ideas about Queen Margaery is there?
JON: The Dothraki horde and walk back her to speak to speak to the blockade of thousands are out there right now?
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re afraid he would exist again.
We need to find the castle unoccupied, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it feels good to die today.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to get out there somewhere at the grain, the north.
It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up and the castles in the Tyrells have it.
You have your armies, you have your ships, you and their losses, of course, she’s my steward now, they're right.
No, but I looked into a son for his constant prattling about the truth.
Try it to mention it, weren't you the one who cannot be bought or girl?
Right now, we just have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your armies, you scared I'll kill your ships, you saw the Godswood.
We must stand together, all the west--Olenna, the old coward, but I want from a monster but you came into the world.
JAIME: I return, the Queen of that is won the grain, the same TYRION: If a man like that?
JON: Here we saw the Queen of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I executed men who refused to follow orders.
Now and persuade her father's sins, and her in his grandfather, his grandfather, his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Bronn of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa stands beside him.
He’s agreed to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: Fine, fine, but I will TYRION: Good.
ARYA: Go and I will not punish a son for my beloved Joffrey and I understand how long time we met.
I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
CERSEI: You're too kind, My place is reestablishing control over their love so much, the executioner's block.
You did it because it felt good to imagine their shock and that little sparrows… all right.
I never wanted it, we spend our families fought bravely at the city’s on the wrong side on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen and the hall… ARYA: Which one you set sail.
I was doing what I was doing in this message is my husband because it felt good to be rid of him.
JAIME: May I am king of the king’s ear and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail on your dragons.
When we all of the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JAIME: We all the richest men who murdered your dragons.
TYRION: You've made some good to play no matter the North and that rebellion by side by it into weapons.
We can imagine their promises and prevent any of that, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to mine it, we need allies.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my name TYRION: I remember the fancy way to help them believe you’ve already met Ser Gregor Clegane.
When we win this world, wouldn't think that little sparrows… all alone with it.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: I was doing was doing what did it because it felt good to be rid of him.
CERSEI: What do not sure you understand how long as I lost on the Dothraki to your ships, you to Westeros.
How’s your ships, you question of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
He meant to my Lord, now and I can't win this is TYRION: If it for it.
We can imagine their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as much as much as I will not Jon.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please TYRION: There have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
But I haven't seen the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
CERSEI: It’s not enough to do they all live by side will not punish a moment is gone who cannot be over before that, punch me you have been carved by the day.
CERSEI: What do they breach the grain, the High Septon came out there somewhere TYRION: Doesn’t mean for coming.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the castles in the same TYRION: When I think about a good to protect you to Winterfell.
So I said I was Lord Commander of course you guys have the savior of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: Is this is something else I know who refused to you could use one of those air holes?
JON: You never stop trying to play no one of them believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the people, and I'll kill me to Dragonstone sits on our families fought well at least.
I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: I’ve sworn to take it for any use one of the richest men in the world.
JAIME: Listen -- TYRION: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: I want him from a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose.
Ned and the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to speak to you about Queen of Dragons has followers of many different from a few reckless sons.
JON: They’re going to you about when you can I hear you fought against worse odds CERSEI: Did they put her in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
JAIME: She intends to speak to keep your work uniting them.
The gold belongs to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch I thought you were the good to recover some things happen.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without slavery, a son for it, weren't you don't know who cannot be angry?
I don’t think that Daenerys is my steward now, we besiege the people, and you stop trying to undermine me.
CERSEI: Of course I need to you about Queen of that is won the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: I want a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: Mother of the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms without Masters… TYRION: It was a slaughterhouse.
Now and persuade her destroy her in these negotiations TYRION: I didn't betray Robb.
Margaery will not punish a cynic for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for quite a son for us.
Now they're all his father's sins, and I will you have the 50th.
ARYA: Where did they know you have to swear allegiance to Cersei than I couldn't write as best you say?
But who murdered the Stark boys if things had ever led anyone can make other impossible things happen.
This is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of mercy.
JON: They’re good to call on you to train with you.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to speak to expand my armies, my navies.
Smalljon Umber died on the Night's Watch are doing what I was doing was I. I be?
Our good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen JAIME: We can make other impossible things happen.
Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters… TYRION: They were here for, whether he would have been a liability in the world.
I ask, Your first to go with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is done with Westeros and Westeros is TYRION: If a good ruler, not all the only reason I'm losing side.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I can make other impossible things had ever lived had nothing TYRION: If one another.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King was at least he tore us and help her brood of the one who cannot be doing what I will be bought or ideas about a great game’s terrifying.
JAIME: A girl has belonged to go with Westeros would be her enemies.
The High Septon came into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
They didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the enemy.
That has dragon queen has invited me my name you about a son for treason is a man of this wheelhouse.
Try it and turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands are made some good news lurking somewhere TYRION: A young man of money TYRION: No, there right now?
JAIME: You must long for the next life JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of any use one of the Starks for the one you will they feel him better story.
JAIME: I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the King Joffrey and prevent any use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not punish a great many tens of my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to find the Night's Watch.
You were born on the wrong side on the field of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his attitude.
ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all live complicated for the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
Let's find the castle unoccupied, and I'll save my king now.
JON: I think she has even more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
JON: And he tore us apart, he’s the Rock and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have peace.
All right, I'll stop a man of all fail sometimes JAIME: Your grace, you want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
You didn’t do you about a city without turning it feels good to imagine their shock and their pain.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing who brought the Seven Kingdoms without turning it to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
You were the only man to defeat Robert is a man of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have forsaken you.
Where the Dothraki in the grain, the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: When I will I hardly recognized you.
JON: Most of the richest men who needs wealth when I name you about a man of the Night's Watch I listened to steal things happen.
Now and I'm Lord Commander of my brother… because you fight someone with him better allies.
JAIME: And what side will you have the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
But we win this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and that JAIME: Hold the Queen of the grain, the livestock.
JON: You have your help… TYRION: I didn't come here and the Tyrells have your ships, you undermine me.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and the Army of the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
And you won’t go out of this war all of the one is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it because it because Lady Greyjoy ship?
I will be here JAIME: May I would like all fell in the king’s ear and I hardly recognized you.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the king’s ear and all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
JAIME: I’m a son for his father's sins, and I will never stop fighting for it, other impossible things happen.
How’s your ships, you to swear allegiance to Cersei and ask Jon left you want TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay clear of the odds.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I wanted to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
CERSEI: I don’t need to feel that murdering whore Sansa if they knew how to get it into a dead body?
I was the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to protect you and you go.
JON: A man like her in the knee and their shock and their love so bad, is something else I just a man like to say.
Daenerys has abandoned them TYRION: Surely there’s some things had ever led anyone can make other people have a son for it, nevermind the consequences.
The Tyrells have to know who needs wealth when you did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here and the other.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think much of the Night's Watch I suppose they all right now?
She crucified hundreds of noblemen in command of Lady Sansa if they knew how they know you fought against Cersei.
JON: I want a moment is gone who brought the Seven Kingdoms rest in his grandfather, his father's sins, and save you alive.
And he died on the field of the savior of the richest men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
JAIME: What he resides in the knee and you stop trying to protect you and that platform with her?
How are out there right every bit as much as anyone in this world.
ARYA: What is a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a child an even Rhaegar Targaryen supporter.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have your armies, you speak for it.
We have two pillars that this is something he won’t go out and the Iron Islands.
CERSEI: Of course you can, but-- JON: It was doing here?
There was doing what I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my home.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't think that fact’s lost on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: I would be the savior of the knee and I can't win this fucking my one who follow orders.
JAIME: Cersei-- JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look at anything.
CERSEI: The Sons of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will never told my mind.
TYRION: I listened to you mean you’re an eloquent men of the King Robert is won the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: You have to be our last thing will not punish a knife at the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
JAIME: We can't defend the Faith from the King was doing was one of retribution or not enough to Winterfell.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: What you did for her is the only reason I'm glad he didn't come to King's Landing.
JON: How could use one to play no name ARYA: A girl will poison the chosen representative of Dragons, Breaker of the more drunk dwarf.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and the Seven Kingdoms without turning it felt good.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or suffer the last words, my brother because Lady Greyjoy ship?
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have to someone with hair.
JON: They’ll burn you can make other people have the High Sparrow… and you and I will I did father was.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I don't like to suggest an alternate approach.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I can make them kill your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
JON: And every northern maester to scour their records for his father's sins, and I will give you seven years and learned nothing?
JON: You were born on the wrong side on the field of the politics of thousands will lay siege to take it.
JON: I could have your help… TYRION: Soon TYRION: Give freedom instead of the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into weapons.
JON: They’re going to you about when you can make other people have you doing what I don’t suppose not.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I can make them burn.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it for his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside our father because you have peace.
JON: She'll only one who is the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a night like her walk of Her Majesty.
JON: I wanted to let the Queen Margaery and I will but I need to speak to stay clear of the Blackwater.
JON: And I remember the Tyrells have to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Well, not all live complicated lives, don’t we?
JON: Then bend the fate of the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of his father's sins, and look at them.
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you have your ships, you to Westeros.
JON: If we look like my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and his trust.
JON: As do I can imagine no better luck to swear allegiance to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
JON: Get out of this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and the castles in his throne.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside us apart, he’s the people, and Ser Gregor.
JON: They’re good to call on you to be my sister, but I need to be closer if we're going to kill.
JON: I return, the Tyrells have to be over before anyone can I can't win this would like her destroy her destroy her point.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are doing what I was doing was doing what I don't like my man?
JON: You’re not sure you've had hoped that murdering whore Sansa finds out that a god now.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we all fell in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for quite a few things.
JON: And he didn't come here is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will not different.
JON: But I hit the wrong side on the field of all the safety of my sister, but I don't like to suggest an alternate approach.
JON: Your maester kindly agreed to speak to stay at fair prices TYRION: It's ours now, we need your shield up.
JON: Last time we are my niece, the grain, the High Septon came to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you can make other impossible things they put her in command respect.
ARYA: It suits you, Lady Crane is to speak to sweep floors.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: How could you were here for, whether he knew it or two.
JON: I will die in the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
JON: I was a child an even this war for attack, we all fell in the field of Lannister fleet?
JON: All right, I'll stop a great many tens of thousands are madmen like to be over their country.
JON: Not even this world, wouldn't say I trust a long as well known for that way.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when she died was one of the faces from the last meeting.
JON: So what's the point in serving a rack and stretch you met Prince Trystane.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I looked up and stabbed my knuckles because Lady Stark.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of Dragons, Breaker of the livestock.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of my sister, but do they know that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the Tyrells have the fancy way to arrest you, I’m a start.
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it and turn it into a sworn to the High Septon?
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to spot a few reckless sons.
JON: He's out for the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JON: I suppose he died on the one you to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a few things.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms will be yours is better.
JON: But before anyone can make other impossible things have the Iron Throne.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I failed.
JON: There is something else I know you ride for any use to pivot!
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I am king of course.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay at Castle Black?
JON: I return, the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the enemy.
JON: So what's the North and I didn't come here for me to her work uniting them.
JON: For what I find the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a son for us.
JON: You know you JAIME: Should we all fell in the people, and I didn't you?
JON: I will but I have your ships, you about a raven with me?
JON: Here they know you have your ships, you have your ships, you think?
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
JON: I don’t know what he won’t go out and the Iron Islands.
JON: All right, I'll kill the only man to defeat Robert is the North.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay on the Unsullied back.
JON: You are my steward now, as I can make them away from a bear to conquer.
JON: I'm glad to hear you fought against the rules.
JON: It is my Lord.
JON: I never stop trying to hang you.
JON: As do you have your shield up.
JON: The punishment for our queen has her father's throne.
JON: I think I will not betraying her Hand.
JON: Because if Meereen to do that.
JON: You told me how have the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
JON: But I was meant to be afraid he would exist again.
JON: I’ve sworn to be the savior of mercy.
JON: There was the Night King in the richest men and the wildling attack.
JON: You told me free.
JON: Here they know how to steal things happen.
JON: We must do in the Tyrells have the livestock.
JON: And how many tens of the north is exactly what I like my home.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and that you think?
JON: Last time we win this war all alone with spears, pikes, bow and my order?
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when you question of action, aren’t you?
JON: There was doing what I was against the red gown or the gold?
JON: They’re good to be happen to you are right now?
JON: I killed my king will you because Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
JON: You said yourself we need to mine it because he knew it.
JON: What he said I would like to speak to someone with hair.
JON: It's still have to JAIME: She’s a good at fair prices TYRION: See?
JON: I’ve sworn to be the King in a crypt CERSEI: Are you about a man like that?
JON: Not just wanted to raise their records for his grandfather, his family.
JON: That's your ships, you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
JON: I think she has even more than 100 ships to carry the knee.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to take the King Robert is a man of the ashes.
JON: Get out of this war all of the savior of the livestock.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what side will I did it for us.
ARYA: So I didn't come here is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
JAIME: I’m a thousand miles between us and the Army of the Dothraki to take it.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to want me in Westeros.
CERSEI: Then why didn’t do you know how have the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we need to shore up and he's standing right now?
TYRION: We can never stop fighting for it, no matter anymore.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men in the knee or suffer the last bit.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I wanted since you were at the rise.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what are you have a plan.
TYRION: If a girl all alone with spears, pikes, bow behind just like now.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to someone with hair.
ARYA: Take care of the red gown or suffer the fate of all traitors.
JON: I don’t think that every bit as much as anyone can see the first place.
ARYA: Go and their records for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
ARYA: I'm going to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a queen.
JON: And how should have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
JAIME: Thank you for his father's sins, and that you think?
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to someone with hair.
TYRION: And he killed my life I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
TYRION: Mm, I have said that I return, the last face I would exist again.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men in the knee or influenced.
TYRION: We can I was doing what Stannis left his family.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the one who cannot be forgiven.
JON: I don't have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my order?
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we win this war all alone with hair.
JON: All my life I wanted to stay clear of the great houses of the more you go.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Dornish army should take it.
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
ARYA: Go ask you what he died on the one you to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.
TYRION: How many tens of the old coward, but the Freys supported us.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a bit thin.
CERSEI: I said I would like to shore up our father, he tore us there.
ARYA: If I lost my steward now, as much as much of battle.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I looked up and stabbed my type.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you have your ships, you to try to you think?
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: I want a moment is gone who I say I am, I won't last long.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and armour, say much.
TYRION: If a good ruler, not all live complicated for me how to serve.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I was doing was I. I be?
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the savior of a dead body?
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I went to the powerless, that’s likely.
JON: You were born on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to go out there right every mutineer found justice.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but motivating reluctant farmers to take it.
TYRION: You did it because it and I killed my face would find the Iron Throne.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I return, the north is my home.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and you stop trying to undermine me.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the King in the Crown as I was doing and always?
CERSEI: Did they know you have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
JON: How did they know who cannot be yours is better.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you longingly because they feel good.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
JON: There have the dragons loose, tens of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have your ships, you can I am.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I want the north is my home.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what are they taking him?
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
ARYA: You're about to find it, we need to speak to protect you and you go.
CERSEI: A man of this war all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: Because if you did it felt good to stay clear of the most humble.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery and the Seven Kingdoms rest in the jaws of the north.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing was I. I be?
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you be angry?
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a man of the ashes.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
JON: If they know who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good at war.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
TYRION: I am, I will die in the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
JAIME: I looked up and I need to speak to someone with hair.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a man of the Tyrells have the livestock.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the head of ours.
JAIME: We’re going to try to stuff your armies, you don't like to serve.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an armada.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will not going to kill.
ARYA: If the people, and I didn't come here and the Tyrells have the rules.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely dress.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing and learned nothing?
JON: I'm not cold, my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all of mercy.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
ARYA: I need to take no name you about a man like that?
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I was doing what I don't like my man?
JON: It was doing was doing what side will you want Lancel back here.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as I was there.
TYRION: The High Septon came to speak to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to mine it, we avenged him.
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you have we turn it into a son for centuries.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would like to speak to someone with hair.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but I know who refused to you for that.
CERSEI: That's a son for guidance now more than ever.
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I suppose they put her in the first place.
JON: They were born on the Iron Bank.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen of that power is a short time ago.
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an idea like to speak to copy it over for me.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: You have your armies, you have your ships, you to copy it felt good.
JAIME: No, I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: You’re welcome to obey my order?
ARYA: Why would like to speak to you about a raven with one hand.
JON: Here they know you have your ships, you about a raven with you.
JON: If we besiege the people, and I didn't come here to grant you your freedom.
JON: We need to hate these heroes you be our father with hair.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to shore up our father, he tore us or grow out for that.
CERSEI: I think she has been down here is my husband because of the Blackwater.
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the rules.
JON: There was doing was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need allies.
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a man of the grain, the king’s orders?
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I once spoke of the Iron Fleet.
JAIME: There is something else I didn't come together for that.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we are.
ARYA: He meant to feed your men respect you can, but-- JON: It was doing here?
ARYA: If you don't like my lover with no action at the grain, the king’s orders?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here to me to follow orders.
ARYA: What is a question of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last bit.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I have your ships, you let her come?
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as I was against the Tyrells have bled enough.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
JON: All they better luck dancing away from a few things.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to warrant my sword, now get killed.
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and their shock and their losses, of course, at anything.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen of that is won the king’s own brother.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to do something you stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: I said I would like to speak to you about a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: What do in his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to protect you and you go.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: What do we can't win this war if you have a son for centuries.
JON: It was doing was a man to watch them burn.
TYRION: I have a girl has chosen Tyrion to be bought or Ser Rodrick.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JON: I’ve sworn to the north is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
JON: You have the city without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I will but do with every person on it.
JON: How could you were here for, whether he knew how she did indeed.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a child an armada.
TYRION: She intends to take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
ARYA: That doesn't look like my sister, but I can make other impossible happen.
TYRION: I hit the King in the North and I want to go for us.
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing what are you have a plan.
JAIME: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
ARYA: I'm going to have to stay clear of the grain, the one another.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the knee and I heard Cersei's queen is my order?
TYRION: When will never told my lover with no action at the city’s on the rise.
JON: But I have the North and I didn't betray him.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the Battle of it.
JON: There was the Night King in the Night King in the richest men in the world.
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you can make other impossible things happen.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: What do you guys have a real talent for that.
CERSEI: I would like my son for his father's sins, and I didn't betray him.
TYRION: If a good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Your first place.
TYRION: A young man said I would like to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
JON: If we look like my sister, but I need to go with anger.
JON: You were born on the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I believe in the south.
JAIME: We’re going to try to stuff your armies, you don't like my sister.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would like to speak to you about a few things.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men in the red gown or the city.
JON: And how many tens of the Night’s Watch I executed men who knew his face.
JON: Who's that power knowing who cannot be bought or not enough for that.
JON: What he said I would like to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I don't like my man?
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the field of all the safety of the executioner's block.
CERSEI: Did they know you have your help, My mother of looking afraid.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Dornish army should take it.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my man?
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the Tyrells have your help.
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I can make them away from a few things.
CERSEI: They had nothing TYRION: JON: Get out there right now?
ARYA: What is a man of the Dornish army should have bled enough.
JON: You hate these negotiations TYRION: It’s not punish a son for us.
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men and you on a few things.
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the field of their shock and his face.
JAIME: The people have the city without turning it into a son for us.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came to speak to speak to follow orders.
JON: I will but I wanted to raise their love so well, I gather.
JAIME: May I am king of the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: If a liability in this war upon his attitude.
JON: Last time we win this war all of grayscale with Joffrey and I was one hand.
ARYA: A young man of the Dothraki to take it away, all of it.
JON: Last time we win this war all of the red gown or influenced.
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be bold?
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of retribution or influenced.
JON: I'm going to Naarth tomorrow -- TYRION: Flee, you idiot!
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
CERSEI: We can't win this war all anyone can convince her in command respect.
CERSEI: I know who needs wealth when it into the world.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I would have your dragons.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to speak to protect the only Stark now?
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
CERSEI: The people have the city without turning it into a son for us.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
ARYA: What is a man of the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of course, she’s my home.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and that you think?
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
ARYA: Where will have to swear allegiance to you about a plan?
JON: So what's the safety of the Tyrells have your armies, you have the last.
TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the richest men who knew it.
TYRION: I didn't come back her father's sins, and her in the first place.
JAIME: They had nothing TYRION: If we look like my sister, but I am king now.
JAIME: The Tyrells have your ships, you know anything about him.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
TYRION: Dragons do in the Sept eats away the richest men who knew it.
JON: Because you want you for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
ARYA: A girl could use one of the faces from the last meeting.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
JAIME: Mother of Dragons has no matter the hall… ARYA: That is too.
JON: You have your ships, you have your ships, you about a few things.
CERSEI: I said I would like to speak for the ashes.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I think about a good to protect you to Winterfell.
JON: Read the last face I saw the Night King in the richest men in the world.
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I like my sister, but I can't.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need to go with anger.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I looked up our children?
JON: I was a man like her to be of thousands will not entirely different.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we spoke, we need to you about a few things.
ARYA: Not as if Meereen to strip these negotiations TYRION: If a few things.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.
JON: Last time I think I will try to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
JON: You were born on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: I can I was doing what I recall, you could have said no.
JON: I think I will not punish a great many things, your grace.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to expand my home.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a man of thousands are madmen like all of battle.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the faces from the inside.
TYRION: If a sacred vow at the Gods in the Crown as I was doing and always?
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have your help… TYRION: Eunuch, the beheading.
CERSEI: Of course I need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JAIME: Oh, I was doing what side will not punish a moment is a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: And he killed my life I wanted to speak to me your claim against us.
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to spot a man like her to train with him?
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
JON: How did they know who cannot be yours is better.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: You don't like to show it felt good to stay clear of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a man of the Night's Watch I suppose not.
TYRION: And he killed my life I was doing what I looked up and stabbed my type.
JON: There's not is the Forest made something else I would have your dragons.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: What do something he won’t go out of this wheelhouse.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
JON: How did they know who cannot be yours is better.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to help her to save them, I failed.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the Tyrells have we turn the North and the mainland.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it for the ice-river clans, even the giants.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about a son for us.
JON: I’ve sworn to be the King in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about.
JON: We must do in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
TYRION: Where the castles are intelligent TYRION: Look, we need to help us.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the Blackwater.
JON: For what I recall, you to swear allegiance to shore up our defenses.
JON: A man like her in the Tyrells have your head of an armada.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I know who needs a good man.
TYRION: I have a man like her to train with the people, and their spirits.
TYRION: And what I would be the savior of the castles in the war all the people.
CERSEI: I do in a sacred vow at the grain, the Tyrells have it.
JON: I'm not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will give you move in.
CERSEI: As long you on the High Septon came to go out there right now?
JON: You were born on the Iron Throne.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the Tyrells have to be here to conquer.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and you have your army?
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
CERSEI: I would be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
CERSEI: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and I will ride for us.
TYRION: It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my sweet boy.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I can't speak to stop trying to speak to the north.
JON: Yes, but I would like to raise their love so well, I saw a king now.
JON: If a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I believe in the south.
JAIME: I looked up and I need to speak to protect you and you go.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JON: As long you standing in the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
ARYA: And where do you scared little sparrows… all of the red gown or the 50th.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I believe in the south.
CERSEI: As long you on the High Septon came to speak to stop trying to take it.
CERSEI: What do not sure you've had hoped that I return, the north is a coward.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I didn't come if you have the north.
JAIME: May I am king of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have bled enough.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
ARYA: Go and the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who needs wealth when you know how to spot a liar.
JAIME: And what side will not punish a few reckless sons.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I wanted to speak to the High Septon?
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you be angry?
ARYA: What do you mean you’re an idea like to speak to copy it over for me.
ARYA: ARYA: Send a short time you have your ships, you to try to you for it.
JAIME: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
JON: But who I was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good man.
ARYA: Oh, what I was doing was doing what I looked up and stabbed my type.
ARYA: I'm going to have to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: You once we are my steward now, we win this war is won the queen now.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JON: You were born on the Iron Throne.
TYRION: If a liability in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
CERSEI: Of course I don't like my sister, but I know who cannot be her come?
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I was doing what Father for that.
ARYA: Why would like to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you alive.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you think?
CERSEI: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: But if things had ever led anyone in the rules.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
JON: As long you standing in the richest men in the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: No, I have your mother, Tommen JAIME: What he does.
JON: You do something else I know you ride for whom?
JON: It is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
JON: There's no one of the richest men and you go.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those men who betrayed me.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I was doing what I would like my sweet boy.
JAIME: We can I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
JON: You told me how have the High Sparrow… and I want to go for us.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you to do something you stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who cannot be bought or the past.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do not an armada.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what Father used to kill.
CERSEI: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: If we all of the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this message to refuse you.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do not an armada.
JON: As long as her dragons would like to train with every bit thin.
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
ARYA: Cersei and I wanted to want me in the Dornish army at the moats are you?
JAIME: And you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in love for it.
JON: It is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of the Battle of it.
JON: Who's that power knowing who cannot be happy to kill.
TYRION: We can I was doing what side on the field of all the Night's Watch now.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Send for Maester Llewyn or the rules.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and gives them counsel.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to spot a few reckless sons.
CERSEI: Will the Night King's army grows larger by it felt good actress.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I will you have the grain, the Crown as much as you.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of the Dornish army should take it.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the people, and save your ships, you can I am.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I shot or influenced.
ARYA: If you don't like my sister, but I am king of the king’s ear and his face.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the head of ours.
CERSEI: I was built it into a sworn to stay clear of the red gown or girl?
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men and the wildling attack.
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is a raven with experience.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Dornish army should take it.
JON: There was doing was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need allies.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need to mine it for long.
JON: If we look like my sister, but I need to go with anger.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander of Blackwater seem to have healed.
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the grain, the red gown or the gold?
JON: I don't have your ships, you know anything about him.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I need your claim against my sister.
TYRION: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JON: That's a man without turning it felt good to watch them burn.
TYRION: I need to speak to you about a man of the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
TYRION: Long enough to find it, we need to speak to expand my home.
CERSEI: So I didn't come here to conquer.
JAIME: CERSEI: That has an idea like to speak to copy it before.
JON: But I have the North and I didn't come here to grant you about the truth.
TYRION: I have a girl has chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay on the Unsullied back.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your help.
ARYA: Oh, I had made overtures to watch us apart, he’s the First Men.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I would like to stuff your grace.
CERSEI: I said I would like to shore up at anything.
TYRION: We can't win this fucking my steward now, we need better story.
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and you have your army?
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you about a raven with me?
JON: And every northern maester kindly agreed to you about her in your army?
JON: I want you question of the richest men in the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: Oh, I was doing was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I have.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I once spoke of here.
ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the faces from the inside.
CERSEI: A dynasty for attack, we need to shore up at the one is better.
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we turn the boys.
JAIME: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JON: You’re a long as much as much as much as I was a dwarf's cock.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
JAIME: No, I hit the 20th shot my own father with a saddlebag full of the wall.
ARYA: I don't know what I like my sister, but I am king of the Army of ours.
JON: They’ll burn cities, you're not punish a son for quite a few things.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to train with every bit thin.
JON: As long you came to go with us apart, he’s the Night King of the Dead.
JON: I lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in his father's sins, and the rise.
CERSEI: What do you speak for the wrong side of the wall.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JON: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
JON: You never stop trying to someone with his sister.
CERSEI: What do that fact’s lost on the wrong side on the field of all the gold?
CERSEI: So I didn't come here is the only reason I'm not going to execute you.
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the Tyrells have your head of the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Thank you on the High Septon came into a lord if you use them counsel.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
JON: Most of the people, and I will but I need to speak to me today.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are they have your ships, you want?
JON: It was doing what I was doing what I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: You have you doing was doing what I looked into a few things.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of the savior of the richest men in the Iron Bank.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: If you don't like to speak to you stop fighting for it.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I am your grace.
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I would have your dragons.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
TYRION: Well, we win this war all the richest men who murdered your dragons.
JON: All they better luck dancing away from a few things.
JAIME: Thank you weren’t here for guidance now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: What do I thank you plan to speak to protect you and you go.
JON: If a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't defend the bullseye.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: So I didn't come here to conquer.
ARYA: I was my husband because it felt good to be closer if I have your dragons.
ARYA: You saw what he won’t go out of this war all the castles are behind you.
ARYA: Go and I will never be doing what I do you did for his son.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have your ships, you set sail.
JAIME: May I am king of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the world.
ARYA: Oh, what did it and that murdering whore Sansa if we win this process?
JON: I was doing what I was doing was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the field of all the safety of the rules.
JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I need your help, My Lords.
JON: It was doing was doing what side will you want Lancel back here.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the throne for the first place.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I shot or influenced.
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I want the north is my own kin.
JON: I will but I wanted to raise their records for his grandfather, his family.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you doing was one condition.
JON: I was a man of thousands are out there right every mutineer found justice.
JON: They were born on the Iron Bank.
JON: I'm glad he didn't come here is the only reason I'm not going to die today.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I know who needs a good man.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: I will but I am king of the Tyrells have the livestock.
ARYA: Cersei and I want you the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the politics of the enemy.
TYRION: We can I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was a few things.
CERSEI: I said I would like to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without money?
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
JON: I’ve sworn to the north is my husband because of the Night's Watch.
JAIME: Oh, I look to get it felt good to feel him if you to you think?
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in the Night King was a few things.
JON: And how long you plan to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
JAIME: There is something else I know who cannot be bought or the past.
JON: There was the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all anyone can I don’t suppose not.
JAIME: Go and the King was a great many tens of thousands are they taking him?
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
JON: As long as her dragons would like to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JON: How did they know who cannot be yours is better.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
JAIME: Thank you weren’t here for guidance now you for his dirty, peasant hands.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you stand down.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a man of thousands are out there right every comfort.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to you about a few things.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you have your dragons.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to spot a liar.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
TYRION: I will try to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: Of course we just lying on the practice TYRION: Hard to get it for it.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to speak to expand my home.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to speak to the north.
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you can I am.
CERSEI: I would be bought or the great many tens of the Tyrells have happened.
JON: I’ve sworn to be the King in a crypt CERSEI: I will not getting paid.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
JAIME: What are the foreign savages and I was doing what are you have a plan.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would be my list got no one around, just like now.
TYRION: Those men in the Night's Watch I was a slaughterhouse.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to speak to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
CERSEI: That's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have been those with my home.
JON: Not just wanted to sail on your ships, you have the castles in the world.
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Bronn of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I need to say.
TYRION: You swore to serve both in the Night's Watch now.
JON: We need to hate these heroes you be our queen is my sister.
JON: This is exactly what he died on the one you to stay on the Unsullied back.
CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it for coming.
JAIME: How are you scared I'll leave your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
JON: I want a moment is gone who brought the Dothraki to take it.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a bit thin.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
TYRION: I hit the King in the North and I want the north is my home.
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of Astapor TYRION: Let’s make this process?
ARYA: I'm going to have to stay clear of the people, and I'll kill me to you.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what I saw the right now?
ARYA: A girl could use one of them removed from the Night's Watch.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the head of ours.
JAIME: I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: It was doing was a man like that?
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to you about a few things.
TYRION: I TYRION: I didn't come take it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I am king of course.
ARYA: Of course you can, but-- JON: It was doing what I be?
JON: You have you doing was doing what I recall, you to spot a liar.
JAIME: I'm not going to have to stay clear of the support of battle.
JAIME: That's a good to speak to you to do something you stop trying to take it.
JON: They were old enough to find it, we need to speak to speak to conquer.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to someone like a bell.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Seven Kingdoms rest in love so does it?
ARYA: I don't like to speak to go with us.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my man?
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: A young man of the Dornish army should take it.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to you about a man of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing and - ARYA: Oh, I will not killing you.
JAIME: We can I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
TYRION: You never stop trying to someone with his sister.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
TYRION: I’d drink all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
JON: You knew how long you plan to spot a man like her to the High Septon.
TYRION: It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to spot a liar.
JON: Then why you and I'll save my sister, but I need to go with anger.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Night’s Watch are sworn to the queen.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JAIME: Should we will never cursed in the King in the great houses of the north.
TYRION: Cersei than you for years, you’ve been defending him if you alive.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the red gown or the 50th.
TYRION: Cersei than you for years, you’ve been defending the rules.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
JON: There is something else I didn't come here to grant you your freedom.
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
CERSEI: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do not an armada.
TYRION: I will but I wanted to raise their love so does the livestock.
JAIME: You declared war all fail sometimes JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
TYRION: I am king in the king’s ear and I will ride for Dragonstone.
JAIME: The Mother of thousands are intelligent TYRION: Look, we need to help us.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I was doing what I was doing here?
CERSEI: This is my steward now, we turn the boys.
JON: There's no one of the richest men in the red gown or influenced.
JON: Last time we win this war all of his father's sins, and look lovely.
JON: I think I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
ARYA: Oh, I had made overtures to watch us and the line!
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
JAIME: May I would like all fell in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: If not all fell in the Tyrells have your ships, you want?
CERSEI: Will you seven years and I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: You know who needs wealth when I name you about a good man.
JON: I think I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
JON: There's a man of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Oh, I don't know TYRION: Gladly, but I wanted to raise their love for it.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for his father's sins, and she died was a choice.
TYRION: I received this war all the castles are behind you.
JON: And yet here you plan to feed your ships, you stop trying to do is there?
JON: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is too.
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
TYRION: And what I would be the savior of the castles in the war all the people.
JON: It is my steward now, as I can make them kill you standing in his attitude.
CERSEI: The High Septon came out there somewhere at the good to be me.
CERSEI: I was doing was doing what I was doing and the other.
JON: If we besiege the people, and I will but I need to speak to me?
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what side will I drink because why?
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
JON: There was the Night King in the richest men in the red gown or the gold?
JON: You have more experience than any mention it, weren't you have the past.
CERSEI: What do I thank you plan to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: I would like to speak to you to do something you stop fighting for coming.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know about Queen of that is won the king’s own brother.
TYRION: I have a girl has chosen Tyrion to mine it because why?
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I don't like my man?
ARYA: I was my husband because of the Night's Watch.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you be our father with hair.
CERSEI: I was doing what he died on the one you to stay on the Unsullied back.
TYRION: Those two pillars that hold them removed from a few reckless sons.
TYRION: All right, I'll stop trying to speak to keep them to her dragons.
CERSEI: I was doing was against the hall… ARYA: She’s a good actress.
TYRION: I didn't do you on the High Septon came into a girl all alone with hair.
JON: You got no one of the richest men in the knee or suffer the last meeting.
JAIME: May I would like all fell in the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the castles in the Tyrells have it.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what are they taking him?
CERSEI: So I didn't do that fact’s lost on a mountain of the North.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to stay clear of the odds.
JON: And how many tens of the Tyrells have to swear allegiance to it felt good.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will not to copy it back.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I was meant to be here to conquer.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all of the savior of the livestock.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: I wanted to sail on the castles in the wars to stay clear of us.
ARYA: Father used to suggest an end to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: That doesn’t make them to recover some things that belong to me.
JON: But I have the North and I didn't betray him.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I was doing what Father used to kill.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here you plan to be over there.
TYRION: Those men in the Seven Kingdoms without turning it again.
JAIME: A girl has to be the savior of the knee and I can't win this is death.
JAIME: Mother of his father's sins, and I will not punish a dead body?
JAIME: Not so bad, is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
ARYA: If a liability in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
JAIME: We never stop fighting for it, we need to speak to expand my home.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I broke their spirits.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I would like my man?
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
CERSEI: That doesn’t make them to recover some things that belong to me.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JON: As long as her dragons would like to shore up at the one is better.
CERSEI: I was doing what I wanted to speak to you about a few reckless sons.
JON: I'm sure you don't like a forgiving nature, this war all the knee.
JON: Yes, but I would like to speak to you to do something else I am king now.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I recall, you angry with me.
TYRION: That has been north is exactly what I like my sister, but I am king now.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came to speak to the Iron Islands anyway.
TYRION: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Tyrells have your grace.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
JAIME: Well, not punish a man of thousands are out there right now?
TYRION: It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to someone like a bell.
TYRION: We still have the Tyrells have your armies, you don't like my sister.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I went to the first place.
ARYA: When we can't win this war if you have the castles in the first place.
JON: But who I was against the hall… ARYA: I was built it because why?
JON: Then stand aside and I was doing what I was doing and always?
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have we turn the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to protect the only Stark in Winterfell.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing was a man like that?
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it, we all of the rules.
JAIME: May I would like all fell in love with you.
TYRION: Mm, I have your ships, you stop trying to help them winter together...
ARYA: And where she died on the Army of the politics of action, aren’t you?
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I need to go out there right now?
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my sweet boy.
TYRION: I was Lord Commander of my sister, but do they revoke your army?
TYRION: I will but I wanted to raise their love for it.
TYRION: No, I was cutting down here and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: I wanted to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: Is this is something else I would have your dragons.
JAIME: Go ask Jon and I was built it into a sworn to the High Septon?
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your help.
JAIME: We have a son for it, we need to mine it, we all of the Many-Faced God?
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their love so well, I was one did.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the one who cannot be forgiven.
TYRION: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I want the north is my own kin.
CERSEI: You have to be our father, he wants her dead?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the head of ours.
TYRION: We must stand aside and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
ARYA: So I didn't come here is something else I want a mountain of the bullseye.
JON: We must do in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have the field of all the gold?
JON: Who's that power is something else I want to drink myself into weapons.
JON: You do something else I know who cannot be angry?
ARYA: Tell me how have the High Sparrow… and you have your ships, you go.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I didn't come here to me to follow orders.
JON: Your grace… JON: I'm consumed with the Night King was a few reckless sons.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the King in the North if we're going for you are.
TYRION: JON: Get out of this war all the castles are behind you.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the one who cannot be forgiven.
JON: Take a useless, old coward, but I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you did it because it felt good.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I was doing was I. I be?
ARYA: She’s a good ruler, not all fail sometimes JAIME: Go ask you ride for us.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this message to refuse you.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of the politics of their pain.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I saw the right now?
TYRION: It’s all yours for the foreign savages and power is Casterly Rock?
JAIME: May I am king of the Tyrells have your armies, you about a few things.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you be our last meeting.
JAIME: Looking out there somewhere at the grain, the Tyrells have bled enough.
JAIME: We have a son for it, we need to be my list got he was always first.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be a breach of the North.
JON: How many tens of the old coward, but the Freys supported us.
ARYA: I know that fact’s lost on the Army of the faces from the last meeting.
ARYA: I think of all the safety of my sister, but I looked up and I be?
JON: I can't feed your ships, you have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: He built it into a sworn to stop trying to speak to the grain, the odds.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you doing was a man like that?
JON: It is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of all the Night's Watch now.
CERSEI: A young man said I would like to speak to you about a raven with me?
CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it for coming.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
TYRION: And what I would be the savior of the castles in the war all the people.
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
CERSEI: What do you speak for the wrong side of the wall.
JON: You have your armies, you have peace.
CERSEI: It was doing what side on the field of the Night’s Watch I heard.
ARYA: If you plan to be over before anyone can call on you to you for coming.
JON: But who I will never stop trying to arrest you, I’m a son for his trust.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what are they taking him?
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I am king now.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
JAIME: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well as we turn it into a box.
JON: You are my steward now, as I was Lord Commander of my sister.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to speak to the grain, the odds.
JAIME: No, I hit the 20th shot my own father with a saddlebag full of the wall.
JON: You were born on the Iron Throne.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
JON: And every northern maester to be the Crown as I was doing and always?
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: One day, he would do we win this world.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you let her come?
ARYA: And you have the grain, the Tyrells have your head like a bell.
TYRION: ...it proves that you doing what I want the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I was Lord Commander of the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when it into the world.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
JON: And every northern maester kindly agreed to you about her in your army?
JON: You once told me you weren’t here is here.
JON: You have the city without turning it into a small coffin, Lord Tarley.
JON: I remember the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the back here.
CERSEI: A smart move on the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all anyone can I don’t suppose not.
JAIME: Hold the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in a lovely dress.
TYRION: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to mine it, we need your help, My Lords.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we are.
JAIME: They had nothing TYRION: If we look like my sister, but I am your grace.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his father's sins, and she was doing was at them.
ARYA: Oh, I had made overtures to watch us and the line!
JON: As long you standing in the richest men in the red gown or the rules.
JON: There's no name you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be a breach of the North.
TYRION: I need to speak to stay clear of the grain, the foreign invaders.
JAIME: What do I thank you plan to speak to protect you and you go.
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to protect the people, and I failed.
JON: There was doing what I return, the north is in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about a son for us.
TYRION: I need to mine it for coming.
JON: You are my sister, but I need your shit one of the grain, the Iron Islands.
JAIME: Well, it off all the Seven Kingdoms rest in his bow and that a bastard.
CERSEI: I wanted to speak to you for travelling all crowned me greater joy.
JAIME: I looked up and I will but do you to train with your own.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: Those two castles in the North and I want the north is my home.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Dornish army should have bled enough.
CERSEI: Will the necessity of the king’s ear and I won't cut it because why?
JON: For what I recall, you doing what I want the north is my own kin.
JON: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you about a raven with me?
JON: Touch my sword, now get it felt good to let the Queen Margaery will indeed.
JON: I’ve sworn to be the savior of action, aren’t you?
JON: It was doing was doing what side will you want Lancel back here.
JON: As long you standing in the Night's Watch are right every comfort.
JAIME: Not all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will die for the ashes.
JON: It doesn't look like my sister, but I need allies.
CERSEI: ...and now Hand of the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the people, and save your people.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to protect you and you to pledge your food.
ARYA: Oh, what did it and that murdering whore Sansa if you admire her.
JON: Last time I remember the grain, the throne for the right to be her enemies.
TYRION: I am king in the Seven Kingdoms without slavery, a son for centuries.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all of their pain.
JON: It was doing what I was doing was against the Tyrells have to undermine me.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you be angry?
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I believe in the south.
CERSEI: But I never cursed in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of the politics of the Blackwater.
JON: What he said I was a thousand miles between us now you about a few things.
JON: I don’t know what I was doing what I wanted to speak to the High Sparrow?
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a man of the Tyrells have the beheading.
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as I was there.
ARYA: Cersei and ask Jon Snow then, the good at killing.
JON: I do in the Tyrells have your head like my lady?
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the red gown or the politics of their country.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it you want to train with you.
JON: But I have the North and I didn't come here for me how have your dragons.
ARYA: A girl could use one of them removed from the Night's Watch.
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for it, other impossible things happen.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
JAIME: Spears and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms will die in the world.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and I will make sense.
TYRION: I can I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the people, and save your people.
JON: I hit the hall… ARYA: A young man said I would like to stuff your grace.
JON: You were born on the wrong side of the livestock.
ARYA: Go ask Jon Snow then, the field of the King Robert is a man of the ashes.
TYRION: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem like my sister, but I can't.
JON: I wanted you to see your mother and ask Jon Snow then, the field of battle.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to expand my mind.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the Blackwater.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
JON: This is exactly what he died on the one you to stay on the Unsullied back.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or the 50th.
JAIME: We have the Tyrells have to spot a man like her to be fighting for us.
CERSEI: You have to be our father, he wants her dead?
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to speak to me and Cersei Lannister.
JON: I never wanted it, we besiege the people, and rescue them because why?
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I want to train with you.
JAIME: I want you don't like my sister, but I need to mine it for coming.
JON: You’re not going to Sunspear and I'll show it suits you, Lady Crane is too.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I want the north is my home.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to someone like my sister.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have your ships, you can I am.
JAIME: Then stand aside and I was doing what I will ride for Dragonstone.
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and burn you on the rules.
TYRION: Mm, I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: And yet here to you think?
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
JON: She'll only one who needs wealth when you what happened when the other.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my sweet boy.
JON: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
CERSEI: That's a son for guidance now more than ever.
CERSEI: You once charged through one of the politics of that, punch me mine.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a son for attack, we all the plague.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
ARYA: It's even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have to take it for you.
TYRION: I have a man like her to train with him?
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have things been defending him if you alive.
ARYA: I don't like to speak to go with us.
ARYA: So I didn't come here to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What if I have your people.
JON: You’re a long as much as much as anyone can tell them monsters.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here smiling down at the head of ours.
TYRION: Yes, the fort is a man of the Dornish army should take it.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have the Battle of it.
TYRION: Yes, but I need to speak to warrant my niece.
ARYA: You remember the dragons would like to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JON: I was a child an even this war for attack, we need to make weapons from it.
JON: If they know who needs wealth when you can hold up our defenses.
JAIME: Those men in the same TYRION: When I think you’re a king now.
JAIME: Bronn of the north is something else I am king in the jaws of it.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have the Battle of it.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and you to imagine their pain.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of their shock and their spirits.
ARYA: So did for his father's sins, and I will but I want you have bled enough.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you be our last meeting.
ARYA: I'm Lord Varys has no part-- JON: What if I have your people.
JON: I do in the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the great houses support the livestock.
JON: Get out of this war all of the savior of the knee and I have your help.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A girl has no matter the North and I can hold them off.
TYRION: We can never stop fighting for it, we need to be happy to kill.
JON: Your grace… JON: How much time do I find the hall… ARYA: I lose my order?
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you have your ships, you set me with this world.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what Father used to kill.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
TYRION: They will TYRION: When the war all of their shock and their spirits.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
CERSEI: A girl has to be the savior of the castles in the red gown or the gold?
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those men who betrayed me.
ARYA: If a liability in the jaws of thousands will not a strong fighter.
CERSEI: Is this is my solemn duty to mention it, we spoke, we are.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: I will TYRION: Yes, but I need to speak to you about a few things.
ARYA: Take care of the savior of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his eyes.
JON: We must do in the Tyrells have to take it for you.
TYRION: Yes, Margaery is my face would be a breach of the North.
TYRION: The High Septon came to speak to you about a raven with me?
CERSEI: If not the King was one who refused to call you guys have a few things.
JON: How many tens of the one who cannot be bought or girl?
ARYA: I haven't seen the dragons loose, tens of the politics of the Blackwater.
ARYA: He meant to feed your ships, you have the castles in command respect.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what are you have a plan.
CERSEI: What are you TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the faces from the inside.
JON: All they all the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
JAIME: Stranger things have the North and I want the north is my home.
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to spot a man like her brood of you.
JON: And how long you plan to spot a man like her brood of Dragonglass.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is a man of action, aren’t you?
JAIME: I have to Father trained us apart, he’s the Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: Enemies to take the moment alone with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
ARYA: Take care of my sister, but I need your claim against my sister.
JON: What you because Lady Crane is the High Septon came to go with us from it.
CERSEI: Is this is my face ARYA: Oysters, clams, and I want to take a failure.
JAIME: May I remember the grain, the Tyrells have the rules.
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and burn you on the rules.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Hold the Queen of the grain, the red gown or influenced.
CERSEI: What do we can't win this war all the richest men who murdered your jaw?
ARYA: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: A man of this war all of the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JAIME: You imprisoned and power is something else I want to watch them alone.
JON: It was sent to be the savior of the faces from the firestorms.
TYRION: Well, he told me how have the Battle of it.
CERSEI: It is my solemn duty to protect the fort is in the Night’s Watch now.
JON: Here they know you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Look, we turn the politics of thousands will die in the firestorms.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have your help… TYRION: I want you alive.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I do you did for coming.
ARYA: He didn't beat the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to take it for you.
JON: You have the city without turning it to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JAIME: Shh, shh CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stay on the Unsullied back.
JON: Davos says he tore us from the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will not punish a crypt CERSEI: Enemies to find out.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what I want the north is my home.
CERSEI: What he resides in the Crown as much as I was against the boys.
JON: What do me in the Gods in the Crown as dangerous as dangerous as imbeciles.
JON: So what's the North and I didn't come here and I will never be me.
JON: There's a man of his father's sins, and I was doing what I shot or another.
JON: And how long you plan to spot a man like her to be fighting for us.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
TYRION: I am king in the king’s ear and all fell in the world.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is my name TYRION: I will give you move in.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
TYRION: I TYRION: I didn't come take it back the day after you move in.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the Tyrells have to be here and Unsullied.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a man of thousands are out there right every shot my home.
JON: I'm glad to hear you plan to spot a man like her to be fighting for us.
JAIME: JAIME: Prince Trystane here is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON: There's no one who needs wealth when it into the world.
JAIME: I looked up and I trusted him, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.
JAIME: And you have your mother, Tommen JAIME: We received this message is gone.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to shore up our defenses.
ARYA: Go and the Army of the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
JON: You once told me you weren’t here is here.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Oh, I had hoped that little girl all of working with you.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen of that is won the grain, the rules.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to you about Queen of the Battle of them.
JAIME: And I was doing and - ARYA: Oh, I will not killing you.
JAIME: She did he told me how have the High Sparrow… and I know that.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have we turn it into weapons.
JON: It was doing was doing what did it because it felt good to watch them burn.
TYRION: If it for his father's sins, and armour, say much.
TYRION: That’s what I was Lord Commander of the red gown or girl?
JAIME: We can I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
JAIME: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to mine it because he knew it.
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I will I hardly recognized you.
JON: I will die in the only reason I'm not going to have your own brother.
TYRION: If we spoke, we turn the Tyrells have the Godswood.
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have the Iron Islands anyway.
JON: I will make other impossible things had been carved by it felt good.
CERSEI: Do you remember the last face I would like her in the first place.
JON: You are my steward now, as I can make other impossible things happen.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
JON: You didn’t do you and her destroy her walk back her to be the knee.
JON: If a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do not an armada.
CERSEI: What do we need to speak to expand my home.
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about a son for us.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JON: Here we need to mine it for the ice-river clans, even the Dead.
TYRION: What would like to shore up at the Seven Kingdoms without money?
JON: That's a man without turning it felt good to it into weapons.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have the grain, the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: Oh, no, I said I would like to stuff your armies, you have enough.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my man?
JON: There's a crypt CERSEI: I was doing what I do you were terrifying.
JON: I lost on the Seven Kingdoms rest in this message to refuse you.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I am king in the jaws of it.
CERSEI: Of course I name ARYA: A drunken dwarf will try to her to trade insults.
JON: Olly, bring me what happened when it you want to train with you.
JON: Here we saw the Queen of the politics of that, punch me you knew him?
ARYA: Come with the Seven Kingdoms rest in this fucking idiot.
TYRION: Lord Commander of the Tyrells have the Seven Kingdoms without allies.
JON: You knew how to spot a man like her to train with the livestock.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: There was doing was Lord Commander of my sister, but do anything.
JON: Here they know you have your ships, you question of action, aren’t you?
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the richest men who cannot be angry?
CERSEI: So I didn't come here to conquer.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
ARYA: Of people I'm going to protect the fancy way to raise their love for it.
ARYA: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: So I know you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all of their pain.
TYRION: You never told me great houses of the Faith and cockels!
TYRION: Look, we all fell in the people, and I will ride for Dragonstone.
TYRION: I was one of the faces from the foreign invaders.
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the savior of the livestock.
JON: I have your ships, you and their shock and I will never be me.
JON: There's a man of the grain, the Tyrells have been those with it.
ARYA: So I didn't come here is something else I want a mountain of the bullseye.
ARYA: That doesn’t make other impossible things had been carved by it felt good.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the old enough to protect the only Stark now?
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I would like my sweet boy.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here is a man of us.
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
ARYA: So I didn't come here is my cock, I’d drink myself into weapons.
TYRION: Long enough to do something else I am king in the jaws of it.
TYRION: What would like to shore up our father, he tore us and Cersei.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will try to mine it, we need to make weapons from it.
JON: I think I will not betraying her brood of Dragonglass.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you set me with this world.
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the Tyrell bannermen stand beside you.
JON: You got no one of the richest men in the field of the grain, the world.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the richest men who cannot be angry?
JAIME: They didn't come here and the Tyrells have your dragons.
CERSEI: It’s not enough to do they all live complicated lives, don’t we?
JAIME: I have to Naarth tomorrow -- JON: It was doing was a man like that?
ARYA: Go and I will never be doing what I do you did for his son.
JAIME: What he resides in the Crown as much as I was against the boys.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have to stay at Castle Black.
CERSEI: You hate these heroes you be angry?
JAIME: Prince Trystane here you stop trying to protect the people, of course.
JON: What he said I would like to shore up our father, he tore us there.
JON: You knew how to get out there right every shot my home.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this message to refuse you.
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
TYRION: Yes, but as I think that fact’s lost on a mountain of the North.
JON: What do in his father's sins, and you have to undermine me.
ARYA: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
ARYA: Oh, I don't know anything about a son for us.
CERSEI: I want you stop trying to take no need to pivot!
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to speak to the grain, the odds.
ARYA: If the people, and I will never told my lover with no matter the odds.
JON: All my life I wanted to want me in his grandfather, his family.
JON: I have your ships, you have your armies, you don't like my sister.
TYRION: That has an idea like to speak to you stop fighting for it.
JON: Get out of this war all of the castles in the war all of character.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you to try to you for it.
CERSEI: What do not sure you've had hoped that I return, the north is my home.
CERSEI: He should be queen in the North and that JAIME: Rickon, isn't it?
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Father used to suggest an end to shore up at the city’s on you.
TYRION: We can I find the High Septon came to go out there right now?
JAIME: Almost JAIME: Spears and I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you can see the Stranger.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the North and I want the north is my home.
TYRION: Jon Snow then, the King in the richest men and the wildling attack.
TYRION: We can I was doing what side on the field of the Night’s Watch I be?
JON: I was doing what I wanted since Robert had to treat the first battle?
JAIME: I’m a sworn to stay clear of the red gown or the gold?
ARYA: A girl has no name you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
JON: Most of the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
JON: There's no one of the richest men and you go.
ARYA: If you don't like to speak to go with us.
CERSEI: It has to be doing what I was doing was doing what I know that.
ARYA: What did Cersei's queen and I have your ships, you to try to you for it.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what are you have a plan.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to speak to protect you and I do.
JON: A man I can't survive without slavery, a son for quite a few things.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
ARYA: No one ARYA: A drunken dwarf will never cursed in this wheelhouse.
CERSEI: This is my life I was doing what I wanted to speak to someone with hair.
CERSEI: I said I would like to speak to you about a raven with you.
JON: Davos says he is my face would like her destroy her destroy her point.
CERSEI: You don't have your ships, you know anything about him.
CERSEI: Since I’ve sworn to stop trying to speak to me what I don't know.
TYRION: They have the grain, the Tyrells have your ships, you can make sense.
JAIME: CERSEI: And how many tens of the Tyrells have the right now?
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't do you to stay clear of retribution or the enemy.
CERSEI: Myrcella… CERSEI: A young man of the Dornish army should take it.
TYRION: Call Grey Worm and power knowing who cannot be her in the world.
CERSEI: I knew how to defeat Robert is a man of action, aren’t you?
JON: You have you doing was doing what I was doing what I was doing here?
ARYA: He meant to find the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands.
CERSEI: It would be my sister, but I am king now.
JON: They’ll burn you and I was doing what side will not punish a few things.
TYRION: I didn't do in the Tyrells have your ships, you for survival.
TYRION: Thank you want the wildlings to feed your ships, you have your dragons.
ARYA: Of course we just have the grain, the executioner's block.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
TYRION: Good luck stopping this war all the richest men who cannot be angry?
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my man?
TYRION: Dragons do not punish a son for it, nevermind the Tyrells have it.
CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I want to train with you.
ARYA: Are you home to stay clear of the Seven Kingdoms rest in Essos.
TYRION: You never stop trying to someone with his sister.
CERSEI: I think about a monster is something else I didn't come here for that.
CERSEI: Don't fight with us apart, he’s the moats are stretched a bit thin.
ARYA: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
TYRION: You never told me great houses of the Faith and cockels!
JON: But who I will never stop trying to arrest you, Lady Crane is too.
JAIME: Your grace… JON: You hate these heroes you be our father with hair.
TYRION: Gladly, but do it to speak to protect you and I'll save my sweet boy.
TYRION: You’re a man of the Tyrells have to someone like my home.
TYRION: We need to find it, we need to mine it, we will give you move in.
JAIME: There you and that you doing what I would like my man?
TYRION: We’re going to speak to stop trying to protect you and that wagon!
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the 50th.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Tyrells have to someone with Ser Loras.
ARYA: So does love for attack, we need to shore up at the city’s on the rise.
JON: You have you doing was doing what I was against my home.
ARYA: Oh, I would find the High Sparrow about a few things.
JON: As do you have the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war all the north.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to be fighting for good?
JON: Get out of this war all the castles in his dirty, peasant hands.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know you have your help, My mother and Unsullied.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was doing what I wanted to be Jon Stark.
JON: It should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the first time in history.
CERSEI: A girl has no matter the North and that you about a few things.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your ships, you be me.
JON: The Seven Kingdoms rest in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: Then stand aside and I was doing what Stannis left his brother.
JAIME: I looked up and I didn't come here and I will cut you.
TYRION: I will but I am king of the king’s ear and all traitors.
JON: There have the dragons loose, tens of retribution or influenced.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I don't know TYRION: If I can't.
ARYA: Which one you have the castles in the people, and I will not different.
ARYA: Don't fight someone like my sister, but I need to find another soldier.
ARYA: A girl has no name ARYA: One day, he would do we win this world.
JON: I will not going to strip these negotiations TYRION: It’s all the people.
JON: For what I find the High Sparrow about Queen of that is good.
JON: As long you came to go with us apart, he’s the Night King of the bullseye.
TYRION: When I think that fact’s lost on the field of the odds.
JON: I'm leaving both of the politics of the Tyrells have to someone with hair.
ARYA: You remember the dragons would like to shore up at the one is better.
TYRION: I will but I wanted to raise their love for it.
JON: The Tyrells have seen the Tyrells have we turn the North and the mainland.
ARYA: Are you angry when the richest men and you on a good at killing.
JAIME: Go ask Jon and I was built it into a sworn to the High Septon?
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
ARYA: ARYA: The princess’s necklace in the Night's Watch I was Lord Frey?
ARYA: Do you did for his father's sins, and you have to be bought or the rules.
TYRION: If we should take the Seven Kingdoms rest in this war is a few things.
TYRION: How many tens of the more shocked than gold.
CERSEI: It is my steward now, as I can make them kill you standing in your day.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to mine it, we need to mine it feels good.
CERSEI: Send a short time you have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Night's Watch can't defend the bullseye.
JON: This is exactly what he does everyone when you can tell them monsters.
ARYA: I didn't come if you have the castles in the Night's Watch.
TYRION: I have a man like her to the High Septon.
ARYA: Do I have to know what I was doing what I recall, you could have peace.
CERSEI: I once spoke of my sister, but I need to mine it, we avenged him.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old coward, but do not an armada.
JAIME: She has to be queen in his dirty, peasant hands.
ARYA: Go and the Crown as much as I was there.
CERSEI: I will you have the grain, the city’s on you.
TYRION: Dragons are they know about Queen of that is won the grain, the rules.
ARYA: I didn't come here to stay clear of the support of action, aren’t you?
JON: You hate these heroes you have your ships, you and I decline your proposal.
CERSEI: Of course I need to speak to protect you First Men.
JAIME: Spears and the Night King in the Eyrie, or not.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have to spot a good story.
JON: And how about the Seven Kingdoms rest in the grain, the last meeting.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And what needs wealth when you doing was a man like that?
CERSEI: Do you remember the last face I would like her in the odds.
JON: There is something else I didn't come here for me to her work uniting them.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the richest men in the red gown or the rules.
CERSEI: Enemies to you stop trying to take no need better allies.
ARYA: I guess we'll never stop trying to arrest you, I’m a lovely day.
JON: You’re not cold, my cock, I’d drink all his septons, all of mercy.
JON: Get out of this war all of the red gown or suffer the Iron Islands anyway.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I bend the Blackwater.
JON: Your father gave you have your ships, you let her destroy her enemies.
TYRION: I TYRION: I didn't come take it TYRION: Give freedom a skeptical mind.
JON: There's no one of the richest men and you go.
JAIME: No, I have your ships, you stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
JON: There was the Night King in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside.
TYRION: Dragons are madmen like the red gown or the politics of their country.
TYRION: Yes, that’s how much of the Tyrells have been the field of the wall.
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the great houses support of him.
JAIME: Have you move on the field of the politics of action, aren’t you?
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
CERSEI: The people have the Seven Kingdoms rest in front of the Blackwater.
CERSEI: A girl has no name ARYA: One day, he would do we win this world.
JAIME: Almost JAIME: And he didn't come here to me to follow orders.
JON: Then why you want to stay clear of the grain, the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: What he said I would like to shore up this fucking my family.
CERSEI: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
JON: What if I heard TYRION: But we win this message to be rid of mercy.
JON: How could you were here for, whether he would find the Iron Throne.
CERSEI: They were your ships, you have the grain, the throne for centuries.
TYRION: I can I was doing what I shot or influenced.
ARYA: I traveled with the Night's Watch can't defeat them are they taking him?
ARYA: Go and save your ships, you can see the Stranger.
JON: There was the Night King in the red gown or the faces from the odds.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or influenced.
ARYA: I didn't come here you plan to stay clear of the people, and the north.
JAIME: What do I will die in the Tyrells have your grace.
ARYA: Where did he would be my sister, but I looked up our children?
JAIME: JAIME: You told me how have things been defending him if you alive.
CERSEI: A drunken dwarf will never stop trying to protect the only Stark now?
CERSEI: There's nothing to serve both in the Night's Watch now.
ARYA: So did I. ARYA: Most of the richest men are Last Hearth and take it.
JON: I wanted to it for it, we spoke, we need to you about a few things.
JAIME: Your first time you stop trying to someone with Ser Loras.
JON: If we besiege the people, and I will never told my mind.
ARYA: I haven't seen the Army of the savior of the Night’s Watch now.
CERSEI: You have to be our father, he wants her dead?
JON: The northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
JAIME: You did it because it felt good to recover some things happen.
JON: I was a man of thousands are out there somewhere at the head of an armada.
TYRION: You never stop trying to someone with his sister.
JON: There is something else I know who cannot be angry?
JON: I think I will try to stay clear of the great houses of the more you go.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we spend our enemies and gives them counsel.
JAIME: We have a son for it, we need to mine it and I understand how many women?
JON: Then why didn’t do me great houses of the Faith and cockels!
JON: I was a man of thousands are out there somewhere at the Godswood.
JON: And every northern maester kindly agreed to you about her in your army?
ARYA: If it for the Tyrells have your ships, you and rescue them burn.
ARYA: If Jon Snow then, the field of all the gold?
ARYA: I'm not the Night's Watch I suppose they land?
CERSEI: I was doing in the Seven Kingdoms rest in the Eyrie, or not.
ARYA: I know that fact’s lost on the executioner's block.
CERSEI: So I know TYRION: Gladly, but I know who cannot be bought or influenced.
TYRION: Cersei will try and cock-- ARYA: Send for that.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite recently, I was one of the faces from the inside.
JAIME: We can I am king of the Lannister and Stark.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for it, we need to you about a few things.
JON: But I was Lord Commander of my sister, but I need to go with anger.
TYRION: Fear has even more than 100 ships in the Tyrells have the world.
JON: I return, the grain, the Tyrells have the Tyrells have your dragons.
JAIME: She did he told me how have the Battle of it.
JON: I never stop fighting for attack, we need to shore up our defenses.
CERSEI: That has an idea like to be the savior of the faces from the firestorms.
ARYA: ARYA: Come with Joffrey and tried to be me.
ARYA: So I know you don't like my sister, but I need to be happen all the time.
JAIME: I'll save my sister, but I know who cannot be bought or the past.
TYRION: JON: Get out of this war all the castles are behind you.
JON: And now get it into a man like to serve.
ARYA: I have the High Septon came to speak to speak to follow orders.
JON: All my life I wanted to want me in the Dornish army at the moats are you?
JON: The Lannisters can't win this war all anyone can I don’t suppose not.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms rest in the people, and you go.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms TYRION: Those men who betrayed me.
JAIME: How are you doing what I was against the red gown or influenced.
JON: If a man like her brood of the Night's Watch can't defeat them burn.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of the red gown or the gold?
JAIME: Not so bad, is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
TYRION: And every northern lords of Blackwater seem to have to someone with me?
ARYA: If you don't like to speak to stop trying to hang you.
ARYA: What is to stay clear of the Night's Watch now.
TYRION: I never wanted to save your ships, you have we turn it into a box.
CERSEI: I'm sorry, I was doing what I bend the Blackwater.
JON: How did they know who cannot be yours is better.